Sunny Savita: Hey, hello everyone, I'm Audible, can you please confirm in the chat if you can hear me then?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's start, let's begin with the session.
Sunny Savita: I hope I am audible, and even my screen is also visible.
Sunny Savita: I just want your quick confirmation, guys.
Sunny Savita: Yes? Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, good evening, good evening to all of you. Let's, begin with the class, let's begin with the session. So, guys, in the previous class, we were talking about, we were talking about the attention mechanism.
Sunny Savita: So, have you gone through with that attention mechanism? Have you, revised that attention concept, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Just give me quick confirmation so that I can start.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, one more session. I think one more session is remaining. In today's class, we'll be trying to cover most of the part.
Sunny Savita: Of the transformer, and from next class onwards, I will give you the idea about the different, different LLMs and all, about the different, different leaderboard related to the LLM.
Sunny Savita: And then, we'll directly move to the APIs, okay? How we can access the different, different LLMs, using the different, different API.
Sunny Savita: So, there, actually, I will discuss, about the Langshade, okay? So, Langshan is one of the framework. With that, basically, we can access the different, different model. So, we no need to go through with each and every API. So, via Langchain itself, we can access the different, different model. So, I'll show you that, and after that, guys, we'll, after that, guys, we'll move to the
Sunny Savita: fine-tuning part.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So, we are into which module right now? So, we are covering Module 1 and Module 2, right? So, it has been around 1 month, we are into this module. I think one more class is left, and after that, guys, we'll move to the next module, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, within, 6 months, guys, we will be able to finish our chapter if we are going with a same speed, right? We'll be able to finish our entire syllabus if we are going in a same speed, okay? Now, guys, let's start, let's begin. So, let me check whether the recording is updated or not over the dashboard.
Sunny Savita: Anyone is a new, joinee?
Sunny Savita: You can check the recording over here inside the live section. So once you will open the dashboard, guys, under the live section, you will get the recording.
Sunny Savita: So, so far, I took 4 sessions of the transformer. Actually, I cover this transformer within 5 sessions, okay? So, today is the 5th session. If anything is remaining inside the transformer after this session, I'll discuss inside the next, okay? But I'll try to cover most of the, concept in today's class.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the video of the previous class, guys. Here, you will get all the resources and all everything. See, here is a resource. You can download from here, or even you can take it from the GitHub as well. So, I'm keeping all the resources.
Sunny Savita: class-wise resources over the GitHub, okay? So, just give me a quick confirmation, guys, if, you are comfortable with the…
Sunny Savita: If you are comfortable with the, self-attention concept, so that we can start with a further concept, okay? So, in the previous class, guys, I discussed about the self-attention.
Sunny Savita: Now, which, job role we can target after completing this course? You can target AI engineer, you can target Generative AI Engineer, okay? You can target AI Architect.
Sunny Savita: Right? So this kind of generic role, you can target any AI-specific role, because in AI, basically, you won't get more than this one, right? Whatever we have included inside the syllabus.
Sunny Savita: What about 12 year of experience? Yes, with a 12 year of experience also, you can claim, right? Generative AI engineer, senior generative AI engineer, generative AI architect, AI architect, lead AI engineer. So this kind of role, basically, you will get, even with a 20 year of experience, okay?
Sunny Savita: Even with a 20 year of experience, also, you will get this kind of role. So, we'll discuss that thing, right? So at least, let me cover at least one project, one end-to-end project, okay? So, it will take two to three months, and after that, guys, I'll discuss that.
Sunny Savita: Got… getting my point? Yes or no? So, what about the fresher? Yes, fresher also. So, we're talking about the Gen AI now, so we are covering each and every concept related to the Gen AI inside this particular batch, okay?
Sunny Savita: So even the fresher, experienced person, right? So for everyone, guys, this concept would be same. So let's say any fresher is working on the Gen AI. He will also work on the RAG agents and all. Any experienced person is working on that. He will also work on that, right? But the experienced person should have at least some, project-related experience.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So try to focus on completing some project via this batch only. After completing your project, you can mention that experience, or you can utilize that experience inside your work.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Yes, even agent API Engineer also. These are some sub-role, right?
Sunny Savita: So this role, basically, it comes under the, GenAI profile only.
Sunny Savita: Sir, I understand the concept, but can you please tell me when we multiply embedding with the weight Q, K, and value, so that what actually happened inside the weight?
Sunny Savita: You can ask me in a doubt session, okay? I'll be clarifying that, any specific doubt. But guys, again, I'm saying, if you are feeling difficulty, let's say someone is feeling difficulty, while understanding the transformer architecture and all, so don't, put much pressure, right? Don't put much stress on yourself.
Sunny Savita: whatever you are able to get, just understand that part and let it go, right? Because at the end, we have to work on the application. So, no need to, like, put too much effort, too much stress on the single concept only.
Sunny Savita: whatever you are able to get, okay, even on a high level, that will be fine for all of you. If you know the basic terms and the terminology, if you are able to understand the working of that inside what is happening.
Sunny Savita: at least 50% of the concept, then that would be fine, right? No need to put… no need to, like, put much more pressure, much pressure, okay, related to this particular concept. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Sir, hope you're feeling better. Yes, yesterday I took a break, I took some rest after the class, and yeah.
Sunny Savita: Today, basically, I was preparing for the class, entire day, yeah. Okay, so let's begin, guys. Just give me a quick confirmation so that we can start.
Sunny Savita: So, is there any link between Live Advanced and LP Genitive AI bootcamp on Modern? Modern, basically, it is, including more concept, right? Live this advanced and LP Genitive AI, it was a previous batch, actually, right? So, some concepts are same, and few are the new one over here. Got it?
Sunny Savita: So what is the right strategy to best dimension in the random way? It is a hyperparameter. For that, basically, you will have to think on a research level. Until you are not doing that research work, right, you cannot decide that. So that profession is a different one.
Sunny Savita: So that work is being done by the research scientist, AI research engineer, PSD holder. Okay, if you are working on any specific university use case, or for any specific company, right, or any top-grade company, like Google, Meta, on their research department, then only you are working on that side, the dimension, size of the model, and all.
Sunny Savita: Right.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Those are the top 1% rule.
Sunny Savita: the research engineer, AI research engineer, okay? Those you will get in the top companies, or in top universities, actually. Understood, Tucker? So it all comes from the experiment, actually. The deep analysis of the model, the deep mathematical analysis of the model. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys, so now, let's start, let's begin. I think, you can see my screen. Just give me quick confirmation, guys, if it is visible, so that I can start.
Sunny Savita: Just give me a quick thumbs up, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, in the previous class, basically, we were talking about the transformer self-attention. So, let me revise, let me give you the quick recap of a couple of concepts related to this transformer.
Sunny Savita: And today, we have Yes also in the backend, so if you have any sort of a doubt, right, you can write it down in the chat, guys, and yes, we'll try to reply for that.
Sunny Savita: If any doubt is getting missed, then you can ask me in a doubt session. I will help you in the doubt session itself, okay? Now, guys, if we're talking about the
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about a transformer, right? So, let me show you…
Sunny Savita: The transformer, guys. I think the architecture is whole… architecture is here itself.
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is the architecture of the transformer.
Sunny Savita: Now, just tell me, guys, quickly, how many components we have inside this particular architecture, if we're talking about the core architecture of the transformer.
Sunny Savita: So we have… To part of it.
Sunny Savita: The first part of it is called the…
Sunny Savita: encoder, and the second part of it, it's called the decoder, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about, the encoder site, so we have different, different components, and we're talking about the decoder site, so we have a different, different component. So let me quickly highlight all those things. I think we have already discussed that.
Sunny Savita: So, this is VOD, guys. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So guys, this is what? This is the encoder site.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And this is what, guys, tell me, this is the decoder site.
Sunny Savita: This one. So, if we're talking about the transformer architecture, so this input is clear, how this input is being passed.
Sunny Savita: Whatever I'm asking, guys, please let me know in the chat, so that I can proceed. Tell me, guys, is this input part is clear, how the input is being passed? Can anyone tell me how this input is being passed?
Sunny Savita: Tell me quickly.
Sunny Savita: So we are passing this input token-wise, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, what we are doing, guys, we are doing an embedding.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, tell me, is this input embedding is clear? What is the input embedding?
Sunny Savita: token input embedding, is this clear to all of you? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, guys, I discussed the next concept. So, positional encoding is clear.
Sunny Savita: Is this concept clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: This one?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: positional encoding is clear, right? So we are passing our data in a sequence, and for that, what we are doing, for that, guys, we are performing a positional encoding.
Sunny Savita: Now we have a next concept, so we're talking about the next one, so multi-aired self-attention. So, guys, self-attention part is clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: I think in the previous class, I discussed about the self-attention, okay? You can go and check with that particular session, or in today's class also, I will give you quick, sort of a revision, okay? Regarding this particular concept.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, over here, you can see one more thing, this arrow. This arrow, basically, it is representing to the residual connection. So, I explained you the concept of the residual connection. I hope this thing is also clear. Tell me, guys, the residual connection is clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: So I explain you this particular concept, the residual connection concept, in the previous class itself, previous to previous class, and I hope this thing is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, apart from that, guys, you can see, we have one more thing, one more concept.
Sunny Savita: That concept, basically, it's called the normalization. Add and normalization. So, adding, basically, what it is representing, adding and concatenation.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, tell me, I explained you about two concepts. The first concept was the addition.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and the second concept, basically, it was the concatenation.
Sunny Savita: Concatination. So, is this two-concept clear? What is an addition? Addition of the vector, and what is a concatenation? So, wherever you are seeing addition, right, so they are adding two vectors.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And concatenation means what? They are appending to vector.
Sunny Savita: They are appending to vector.
Sunny Savita: Now, can anyone tell me this entire architecture?
Sunny Savita: this entire architecture, guys, it is… it has been trained for which problem statement. We're talking about this entire architecture. So, this particular architecture is trained… is trained for which… which problem statement. So, it is trained for the machine translation.
Sunny Savita: For what, guys, tell me, for the machine translation, this particular architecture was trained, okay? Now, guys, tell me, is this concept is also clear, if we're talking about this particular concept, let me highlight that specific concept one more time.
Sunny Savita: What is the concept, guys? The concept of the NX. What is this NX? Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: I think I explained to you what is this annex.
Sunny Savita: What is this annex, guys? Annex means multiple layers, multiple stack.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Multiple stack of what? Multiple stack of the…
Sunny Savita: multiple stack of the encoder. Now, here is one more thing. So, the next thing is the feed-forward network.
Sunny Savita: You know about the neural network. This feed-forward network is nothing, if someone is talking about the feed-forward network.
Sunny Savita: If someone is saying feed-forward network, Okay?
Sunny Savita: Feed-forward network.
Sunny Savita: So they're talking about what? They're talking about the neural network.
Sunny Savita: And this neural network, we have already given you inside the… Prerequisite, guys.
Sunny Savita: So if you're going to learn this neural network, most of the concept of the deep learning is going to be clear.
Sunny Savita: And even the basics of the ML is also going to be clear, like what is a training, what is a supervised learning, what is a loss function, what is an optimizer, okay? All the basically basic concept is going to be clear. So if you wanted to understand the fundamental of AI,
Sunny Savita: fundamental of AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: fundamental of AI model, actually.
Sunny Savita: So it's a request to all of you, at least focus on the feed-forward neural network, at least complete it from the prerequisite, right? It's just a suggestion from my end, because we are not going to recover it inside the modern route, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, over here, you can see, if you will look into this particular architecture deeply, right, inside this encoder, so there's two more things which is pending.
Sunny Savita: The first, basically, is called the multi-head self-attention. Okay, let me highlight it. Multi-head self-attention.
Sunny Savita: And the second concert, basically.
Sunny Savita: The second concept, this is the multi-add self-attention, okay? We have covered the self-attention, but let's discuss about the multi-ad self-attention. And the second concept is going to be this, add and normalization.
Sunny Savita: Okay, normalization, basically. So, let's, quickly focus. So, I will spend 30 more minutes. I will spend 30 more minutes, okay?
Sunny Savita: I will spend 30 minutes now.
Sunny Savita: On which topic, guys? I'll discuss about the multi-ad self-attention.
Sunny Savita: What is a multi-self attention?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And guys, then we'll discuss about what?
Sunny Savita: Then I will tell you what is a layer normalization, okay?
Sunny Savita: layer normalization.
Sunny Savita: It's a very simple concept, we are just going to be normalize our vector.
Sunny Savita: So here, guys, we are just going to be normalize our vector.
Sunny Savita: So I'll show you the formula, basically, and how the value is being calculated using that particular formula. I will show you that also. And inside this layer normalization formula, basically, you will find out some learning parameter also.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: some learning parameter also, and because of that, that particular formula is a little is special. This layer normalization formula is little is special. Now, why we are saying layer normalization? Because we are going to be normalize the entire vector, every feature of the vector, so we're talking about the value, right? Every value inside the vector.
Sunny Savita: It is representing any features. It is representing some feature, okay? So we are going to be normalized every value inside the given vector. That's why it is called the layer normalization. Getting my point, guys? Tell me yes or no. Is it getting clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Okay? The idea and the agenda is clear. Now, guys, if we're talking about… now, guys, we're talking about the decoder architecture. So, inside the decoder architecture, we have two things.
Sunny Savita: Okay? If we will focus onto this decoder architecture. So, we have to understand two things. Now, whatever I'm asking, guys, please let me know in the chat, okay? Now, guys, you understood about the embedding, yes or no? Are you familiar with the embedding? What is embedding? Embedding is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: Okay, embedding is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: Positional encoding, again, positional encoding is going to be same, okay? Now here, guys, the next concept, basically, which we need to be understood, that is called the mask head, mask multi-head self-attention, okay?
Sunny Savita: Mask, multi-head, self-attention. Now, guys, the next concept, basically, which we need to be understand, that's going to be what? That's going to be this cross-attention.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: this particular thing, the cross attention. So there's two things we need to be understand with respect to this encoder side. We're talking about the encoder, right?
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the encoder, so from the encoder side, we need to be understand this two things. Sorry, if we're talking about the decoder side, we need to be understand this two things. It is nothing, it is a special kind of the attention, okay? It is a special kind of attention, and we need to be understand this two things. One is going to be mask self-attention.
Sunny Savita: And the second is going to be cross-attention. This is called the cross-attention. The rest of the thing is going to be same, okay? And then, guys, we'll see the end-to-end working, right? Then, guys, what we will see, we'll see the end-to-end flow, actually. If you remember, I've shown you one flow with respect to the encoder.
Sunny Savita: In the starting of the session, guys, I've shown you one flow with respect to the encoder. Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Have you seen that session?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. How the data is being flowing inside the encoder. I think I discussed that. Okay, so now, along with the encoder, guys, I will be including the decoder also.
Sunny Savita: I am going to be include the decoder also, and we are going to be see the end-to-end flow over there.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: We are going to be seeing the end-to-end flow over there as well. We are going to be seeing the end-to-end flow with respect to the decoder as well, how the data is being flowed inside the decoder, okay? And then, guys, we are going to be complete. Then, guys, what we are going to do, we are going to be complete this transformer chapter.
Sunny Savita: So today, okay, and if any concept is going to be remaining in the next class.
Sunny Savita: Means 1 and 2 hour. In the next class, guys, again, I will take 1 or 2 hour, okay? And inside that, we are going to be completed. This architecture, actually, it is a backbone of all the, large language model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, whatever language model you can see in the current world, all the concept is being used from this transformer only. Mainly the attention concept, the self-attention concept.
Sunny Savita: merely this self-attention concept is being used in every sort of a LLM, okay? And guys.
Sunny Savita: This particular architecture, this transformer architecture is a little complex also, because there is so many components.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So it is a little complex to understand, because there are so many concepts, and I have already explained to you that water component we have, and it's a backbone of all the LLM architecture. So I hope, guys, I hope, guys, you understood the agenda, and you got the complete flow, again.
Sunny Savita: And, I give a new quick recap within a 5 minute of this entire thing. Tell me, yes or no. It is clear, guys. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, guys, here we have one statement. So, this particular statement, I'll come to that one. Okay, later on, I'll discuss that. So, we're talking about the transformer training. So, the transformer training, basically, it happens parallelly.
Sunny Savita: Okay? But whenever we're talking about the inferencing of the transformer, right, so it happens sequentially, due to the autoregressive generation. So, guys, if we're talking about the training, what is the meaning of the training? Tell me, guys. If we're talking about the training, what is the meaning of the training? So, training means, or the parameter.
Sunny Savita: It's going to be trained.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the parameter. So, which parameter we are talking about? Specifically, which parameter we are talking about. So, here we are talking about the weight parameter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Weights parameter. Now, where all the weights will be available? Tell me. So, the weights will be available inside the attention layer.
Sunny Savita: Inside the attention layer, and the weights, basically, it will be available inside the neural network.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, at these two places, this weights actually is going to be learned, and this is only the… this is only called the parameter of the transformer model.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, is it clear to all of you? Now, guys, we're talking about the self-attention, so this is the architecture, basically, which is representing to the self-attention.
Sunny Savita: Can you see this particular architecture? So today, actually, I have drawn most of the thing over the slide, so I will not have to be, like, draw it from scratch, okay? And with that, you will be able to understand clearly. Now, guys, if we're talking about
Sunny Savita: What about the trainable parameter in that one? No, that is not a pre-trained model. That is not a trainable model. That, that thing is not going to be trained.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Mohan. Now, over here, guys, if we're talking about, this, particular, architecture, right? So let me give you the quick revision. So, let's say we have, three things. The first is going to be, embedding of money.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Let me give you a quick recap of it. The next embedding is going to be of the wang, okay? And here, the next is going to be GROW.
Sunny Savita: So this is what, guys? I have one sentence. Let's say my sentence is what? My sentence is this one. I can take any sort of a sentence, and I can explain you that, okay? Now, I'm taking this simple sentence.
Sunny Savita: This is what, this is my sentence, and this is what, this is my embedding. Now, can anyone tell me, guys, what is this weights?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys. So, this is the weight, actually. So this is what? This is the WQ.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the next weight, okay? We're talking about the next weight, guys, so this is going to be W, Q, K…
Sunny Savita: Now, here is what? This is what? This is WV, okay? So this vector, basically, it's going to be multiplier, okay? This particular vector is going to be multiplier with its weights. So this is called my query weight, okay? Now, what is this, guys? This is my… this is called my query.
Sunny Savita: This is called my key, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and this is called my value.
Sunny Savita: Now, what we are doing, guys, so we are going to be multiplying this, every vector with this matrix. So this particular thing is called the linear transformation, okay? So this particular thing is called the linear transformation.
Sunny Savita: leaner.
Sunny Savita: transformation.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Now, this weights value, basically, this weights, actually, it's a learnable weights, as I told you in my previous class. So, this weights, actually, it's a learnable
Sunny Savita: parameter.
Sunny Savita: This way, it's actually, it's a learnable parameter. You can say learnable parameter, or you can say trainable parameter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, how this weights value is going to be initialized? So, this weight value, basically, it's going to be initialized randomly.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Randomly, this weight value is going to be in a slice. So, in the learning, in the training, guys, this weight value is going to be update, right? How this weight value is going to be update? Using the optimizer, right? Using the optimizer, this weight value is going to be optim… This weight value actually is going to be what? This weight value is going to be update.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will get, guys, tell me, so after multiplying with it, so I will be getting the query vector, query of money.
Sunny Savita: Then, I'll be getting what? I'll be getting query of bank.
Sunny Savita: Then I'll be getting what? I'll be getting out query of grow.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, over here, guys, you can see, so after multiplying with it, what I'll be getting? I'll be getting K of money, right? This is… this is what? This is a key vector, right? Then K of, bank, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, I can write the bank, this one.
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, here what I'll be getting, I'll be getting Key of Grow.
Sunny Savita: And we're talking about this one, guys, so what I'll be getting. I'll be getting value of what? Value of money.
Sunny Savita: Then I'll be getting value of bank.
Sunny Savita: And then here, I'll be getting value of what, value of grow, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, tell me, between these two vectors, Q and K, right, what we will do, if we're talking about this particular vector, so what I'll do, guys, can anyone tell me? So, if we're talking about this particular vector, so here we are going to be perform the
Sunny Savita: dot product guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, why we are doing this dot product? We are doing this dot product to find out the similarity between the vector.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll be getting over here, what I'll be getting over here, so I'll be getting the weights, so this is my weights, so let's say S11, S12, S13.
Sunny Savita: Right? Then, as 2, 1, as 2, 2, as 2, 3. Okay? And then, we are going to be multiplying the third vector, so as 3, 1, as 3, 2, as 3, 3. Now, guys, tell me after that what I'll do.
Sunny Savita: I will divide this particular value, I will divide this particular value with what? So I will divide this particular value with the square root of DK.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is what guys tell me. This is called… what is this? This is called what? This is called the…
Sunny Savita: This is called the scalable parameter. For the scaling, basically, okay, for the scaling, we are going to be performed, okay? I have mentioned some point, I will explain to you that why we are doing a scaling and all. In the previous class also, I discussed that. So, we're talking about this under root DK. Okay, what is this, guys? It is a dimension of the key vector.
Sunny Savita: What is this under root DK? We're talking about this under root decay, guys. So, this is nothing, guys, this is the dimension of the key vector.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Let me write over here. It is a… dimension of… dimension off.
Sunny Savita: key vector.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Dimension of what? Dimension of the key vector. So here is one question to all of you guys. Tell me, tell me, guys, what was the dimension in the actual research paper? Sorry, what was the value of this under root DK in the actual research paper?
Sunny Savita: The dimension was 64, and if we're talking about the 64 square root, so it's going to be 8, okay? So this is what, this is my scaling parameter. So let me write over here. This is nothing, guys, it is my scaling parameter. Now, after the scaling, guys, what I'll do…
Sunny Savita: So, after the scaling, guys, I have to keep this particular value inside the range, okay? So, for that particular range, guys, I'm passing this particular value from the softmax function. Yes or no? We are passing it from the softmax function.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? So, this is called the normalization. This softmax function, why we are using, so we are using for the normalization.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Normalization. What is the meaning of the normalization, guys? The normalization meaning is very, very simple. We can keep the value between what? Between the 0 and 1. Okay? Now, what I'll be getting, guys, after that, I'll be getting my attention weight. So, here is my attention weight, W11, W12,
Sunny Savita: W13, then this is going to be W21, W22, W23, then this is going to be W31, W32,
Sunny Savita: W33, right? And then, guys, what I'm going to do, so between these weights and this V, right, what we are going to do, tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: between these weights and this V vector, what we are going to do, guys, tell me we are going to be perform the dot product, okay? Again, multiplication, actually. So what we are going to do between that, so we are going to be perform the multiplication.
Sunny Savita: Multiplication.
Sunny Savita: Multiplication between what? Between this value vector, okay, and this weight value. So this weight, basically, this weight which I have written over here, so this particular weight is called the attention weight.
Sunny Savita: This particular weight is called the attention weights.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this particular weights is called the attention weights, right? So over here, guys, we'll perform the multiplication between this value and this weights. Now, after that, guys, what I'll be getting, I'll be getting a contextual vector. What I'll be getting, tell me, guys, so I'll be getting a contextual vector. So let me write over here what I can write.
Sunny Savita: So, contextual embedding of what? Contextual embedding of the money, okay, of this particular word. Contextual embedding of what, of the bank.
Sunny Savita: Now, contextual embedding of what? Contextual embedding of the group.
Sunny Savita: So the self-attention is clear inside the one single diagram. Tell me, guys, are you able to revise all the concept regarding the self-attention?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: I hope, this entire concept is clear. Now, once I will give you the end-to-end flow now, end-to-end flow of the encoder-decoder. Like this only, I will give you within 5 to 10 minutes only. So, I will tell about the dimension also. What was the dimension, basically, they have taken inside the original research paper, okay? I will discuss that part. Don't worry, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, over here, you can see, so I have written, the definition of, some sort of a… I have written the definition of the different, different terms over here. So here, guys, I have one term that is called the, under root DK, okay? So, this is what, guys, this is the dimension of the key vector.
Sunny Savita: Used to scale attention score for the stability.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? So let's say we are getting attention score like this. 8, or if I'm getting 24, or let's say 36, right? So this value, actually, it's going to be too weird.
Sunny Savita: So to scale this particular value, what we are doing, we are going to be divided what? We are going to be divided by the dimension of the key vector, okay? So this under root DK is what? Under root DK is nothing. It is a scale factor. It is a scaling factor.
Sunny Savita: With that, basically, what we are doing, we are doing a scaling. Now, why it is required, guys? So, here I have mentioned the points. So, it prevents the extremely large value. So, if we have an extremely large value like this, inside any sort of a vector.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So we are going to be prevent that, alright? Now, keep softmax function is smooth, right? Actually, if we have this much, huge value, and if we are passing this much huge value through the softmax function.
Sunny Savita: So, softmax function, basically, it might, give the, large value again, which will not be very much useful, right? So, we are passing, this, huge value to the softmax function. So, softmax function, basically, it will not give us a smooth value.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, to give the value, to provide a value to the softmax function.
Sunny Savita: it should be as small as possible, okay? So for that also, we are going to be divided with the scaling factor, this one. Now, better gradient flow, so by, at the time of the training, guys, if we have a small value, so it will, it will help us in a better gradient flow, and in the stable training.
Sunny Savita: Means, we will be able to, achieve our, we will be able to achieve our, local,
Sunny Savita: local minima, right? Sorry, we'll be able to achieve our minima, right? The minimum loss, basically, as soon as possible. My gradient will not be flow like this, okay? Here and there. The gradient, basically, it's going to be very, very smooth.
Sunny Savita: Very, very smooth, and we'll be able to reach to the minimum loss, we'll be able to reach to the minimum loss as soon as possible. So, it is required for what? For the stable training. So, are you able to understand if someone is going to be asked you why we are going to be used
Sunny Savita: why we are going to be using this particular factor, the scaling factor, I think you can explain that. Now, we're talking about the softmax, guys, so here I written the definition of the softmax also. So, softmax convert that scale attention score, whatever scale attention value we are getting, into the
Sunny Savita: Probability, weights, okay? And the sum, basically, of all the weights is going to be 1. So it's going to be normalized, the value, so whatever value we are getting, let's say
Sunny Savita: This is my vector. My vector is 8.
Sunny Savita: 24, and let's say, here is what? 32.
Sunny Savita: Now, we are going to be divided what? We are going to be divided with the under root DK.
Sunny Savita: Now, whatever value we are getting over here, right? So this particular value, we are passing it over… we are passing over the softmax.
Sunny Savita: we are passing it over the softmax, okay? Now, softmax, what it will provide, so it will normalize this value, it will normalize this value, okay? And it will keep the value between 0 to 1.
Sunny Savita: Right? And the sum of this entire value, whatever value we will be having, the sum of that entire value is going to be 1. So what is the meaning of the normalization, guys? Normalization means what? So we are going to be add all the weights, right?
Sunny Savita: So, the sum of all the weights is going to be equal to 1. So that is the meaning of the normalization. Getting my point, guys? So I hope this entire thing is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, this was the quick recap of the self-attention. If it is clear, just let me know. I will proceed with the multi-edit self-attention. Tell me, guys, if this part is clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me. Okay, great. Now, over here, guys, I written a couple of more things about the query, and key, and value as well. So, we're talking about the query, so let me give you the quick definition of the query as well. So, query means, basically, what I'm looking for.
Sunny Savita: Okay? What's the meaning of the key, guys? Key means what I contain and what I offer.
Sunny Savita: And value means what? Value is nothing, basically. It is going to be actual information, right? So, if we're talking about the query and key, so it find out the relevance.
Sunny Savita: Relevance means basically what? So, we have a key queue, okay, query and key. We are going to be multiplying this two vector, so we are getting a score. Now, this, particular vec… this particular score is saying, this similarity score is saying, how relevant this word to me.
Sunny Savita: Okay, what is the meaning of that? So let's say we have two words. Let's say my first word is going to be bank.
Sunny Savita: And second word is going to be reward.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So we have a vector of it. Let's say this is the query vector, and this is what? This is my key vector. And how we are getting this particular vector? So, we have a weight, actually. We are going to be multiply the weights, okay? We are going to be multiply the weight between these vectors. So this is my query weight, and this is my key weights.
Sunny Savita: Okay, these are my key weights. This is my key weights, and these are my query weights, okay? Now, after that, guys, what I'll be getting, so after that, I will be getting the query vector and key vector.
Sunny Savita: Right? So here is what? Here is my query vector, and here is what? Here is my key vector. So this is the simple embedding.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, over here, guys, what it is saying, it is saying how relevant this word to me, right? So what's the meaning of it? It's simply trying to find out the… it is simply trying to find out the… it's simply trying to compute… it's simply trying to compute what? The relevance or the similarity between two words.
Sunny Savita: Okay? That's a simple meaning, and simplest meaning of this query and key. I hope this is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, we are passing this thing to the softmax, then here you can see, softmax is giving me a value. If the weight is high, means the higher attention. If the weight is low, that means lower attention, okay? Then we are going to be multiplied with the final vector, with a V only.
Sunny Savita: And that is going to be my contextual representation. So this was the quick recap of what… this was the quick recap of the entire self-attention part. So if you wanted to revise this self-attention, you can revise it from here itself, guys. Okay? Now, coming to the multi-headed self-attention.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, just give me a quick thumbs up, so that we can start with this small concept that's going to be a multi-ended self-attention. And after that, guys, I'll try to explain the layer normalization, okay?
Sunny Savita: No, V is not original vector. B again will also… we again will come after the multiplication only. So here I mentioned, if you will look into this WA,
Sunny Savita: So, we have one more metrics. I think you are not going through with the session, right? In the previous class, only I shared one blog as well. There, also, I highlighted SOBIC.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? I think you just, watched the previous live class, and then you're coming into this session.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, guys, we're talking about the multi-head cell potential, so again, it is also a very simple concept, okay? Now, what is the meaning of the head? First of all, we need to be understanding that specific part.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, multi-head self-attention, and inside this multi-head self-attention, you are very much familiar with this specific term. The term, basically, it's going to be a self-attention. Now, we need to understand this term. The term, basically, it's a multi-head, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about the multi-head, multi-head means what? Multiple set of the weights, okay? So, here I have written some definition, just try to read this particular definition. So, a head is a self-attention mechanism, okay? A head is a self-attention mechanism.
Sunny Savita: Had is a self-attention mechanism defined by its WQ, WK, and WB projection metrics, okay? One head means… one head means single set of WK, WQ, and WV.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? So here, let's say this is my WQ metrics, this one.
Sunny Savita: This is my W.
Sunny Savita: K matrix.
Sunny Savita: And this is what… this is my WV matrix.
Sunny Savita: Right? This one.
Sunny Savita: So this is what guys tell me, this is a one single hat.
Sunny Savita: This is what, this is, guys, this is what? This is a single head.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, if we're talking about the multi-head, multi-head, guys? Multi-head means what? Multiple viewpoints at the same time. Multi-head means what? Multiple, multiple set of, multiple set of WK, WQ, WV metrics, okay? So, let me mention over here, if we're talking about the multi-head.
Sunny Savita: Let me mention the next line over here. We're talking about the multi-ed, guys.
Sunny Savita: Multi-head means… multiple.
Sunny Savita: multiple set of WK.
Sunny Savita: WQ.
Sunny Savita: WQ, and W, V, metrics.
Sunny Savita: Is this thing clear out or not to all of you? Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Is this thing clear or not? What is the meaning of the multi-head? Multi-head means, basically, we are going to be take a multiple set of the metrics, okay? Now, we're talking about the single head, so what is the meaning of the single head? So, single head is just giving us the one viewpoint.
Sunny Savita: Right? If we're talking about the single head, guys, so what the single head is doing. So, single head simply giving us the one view of the entire sentence, but if we're talking about the multi-head, guys, so it is giving a multiple viewpoint at the same time.
Sunny Savita: Right? So let me explain you with some example what's, what it is, saying. Okay, what is the meaning of this particular sentence?
Sunny Savita: What is the multi… sorry, what is the meaning of these particular phrases? This phrase? Singlehead means what? One… one viewpoint. And we're talking about the multi… multi- means multiple viewpoints, okay?
Sunny Savita: So here, I have written one more sentence, just read over here. If we're talking about the multi-self attention, it is used because a sentence can have multiple perspectives.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And to cast that multiple perspective, to get the deeper context of the sentence, right, we are going to be using the multi-head attention, which is going to be capture the different, different relation, SIP, or the different, different meaning in parallel.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? So we want to get a deeper context.
Sunny Savita: Or, if we want to get a multiple perspective, multiple perspective.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Multiple perspective of the single sentence.
Sunny Savita: In that case, basically, in that case, basically, this multi-head attention is a useful. We can add as many as had. Okay, we can add as many as had. Now, if we're talking about the original research paper, can anyone tell me in the original research paper how many hats they were using?
Sunny Savita: We'll be talking about the original research paper.
Sunny Savita: So inside the original research paper, how many hats they were using. Any idea, any guess to all of… to anyone?
Sunny Savita: So, if we are talking about the original research paper, so inside they were… inside that research paper, they were using the 8 heads.
Sunny Savita: 8 heads.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now again, guys, this head, actually, if we're talking about the head.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so it is what? It is a hyperparameter.
Sunny Savita: What is this hat? Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Desired is nothing, it is a hyperparameter.
Sunny Savita: It again comes from the experiment, okay? Now, guys, what is the meaning of the head? Can anyone tell me the definition of the head?
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me the definition of the head? What is the meaning of the head?
Sunny Savita: The definition of the head is nothing. It is a… if we are saying one head.
Sunny Savita: If we are saying one head, one head means what?
Sunny Savita: one set of… one set of… one set of Q,
Sunny Savita: one set of Q, K, and B metrics, okay? If we are saying multi-head.
Sunny Savita: If we are saying multi-head, so multi-head means what? Multiple set.
Sunny Savita: multiple set.
Sunny Savita: multiple set of… Q.
Sunny Savita: K and V.
Sunny Savita: Now, why we are use… why we are using this multiple head? Anyone having any idea?
Sunny Savita: Why we are using this multiple hat? To capture the deep context of the sentence.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: To capture the deep context of the sentence, to capture the multiple perspective of the sentence.
Sunny Savita: Multiple perspective of the sentence.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to everyone? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: to capture the multiple perspective of the sentence. Now, over here, I have given you some sort of an example, so let's try to understand with that particular example, okay? Now, guys, just focus on this specific example.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now just focus on this specific example, guys, this one.
Sunny Savita: So what I have written inside this example, I'm writing inside this example, the chicken is ready to eat.
Sunny Savita: The chicken is ready to eat. Okay, so the chicken is ready to eat. Now, what is the meaning of that? Chicken means what? Chicken means… what's the meaning of chicken, guys? Tell me. The chicken means?
Sunny Savita: Moruga Murgi, right?
Sunny Savita: It's an animal, correct? Someone is saying Morgani, okay? So, here, we're talking about the chicken, right? So, chicken, basically, many people are non-wage, right? So, they eat chicken, right? They eat the different, different type of non-wage, right? So, chicken is cooked. So, for that, guys, the meaning is chicken is cooked. It is ready to eat.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, we have the second meaning also, chicken is hungry.
Sunny Savita: means chicken itself is hungry, and chicken is ready to eat food. Now, tell me, guys, we're talking about this particular sentence, so we can have two contexts of this particular sentence, yes or no, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Many people are vegan, right? Many people are vegetarian, agitarian, non-vegetarian. There is a different, different type of people in the world, right? May I know, guys, what kind of people you are? I think,
Sunny Savita: most of the people are the agitarian, right? So sometimes they eat egg, and the ag does not come in the non-wage. Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: Someone is saying, sir, I'm fully vegan. Great.
Sunny Savita: Even… see, I also eat eggs sometimes, and especially on,
Sunny Savita: like, on a different day of the week, right? Many people basically don't eat ag… don't eat ag on Tuesday, Saturday, something like that, right? So, their own perspective, yeah. Someone, like, eat in a party, you know, party… parties and all. And one more thing, guys, I like the seafood, actually, a lot.
Sunny Savita: So whenever I used to, like, visit any coastal area, and also, I, like, love to eat seafood, prawns, fisses, and all. It's, like, my favorite.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great, guys. So, now over here, this particular sentence is having a two meaning. Now, if you will look into this sentence, so here, basically this one. This one. So just focus on this sentence. Now, tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: The sentence is also having two meanings, if you are going to be read this sentence. Men saw the astronomer with the telescope, okay? So, men saw the astronomer with the telescope. Now, what is the meaning of that? So, who has the telescope? Men or astronauter?
Sunny Savita: Astronomer, okay? So, there is a… there is a man who saw the astronomer with a telescope, okay? Or…
Sunny Savita: man, basically, he's using a telescope, and he's looking into the astronomer. So, there could be a two meaning of it. So this kind of ambiguation, basically, we have inside the NLP, and to get a deeper context, or the deeper perspective of the sentence, we are using a multi-edit attention.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no? Is it getting clear? Is this example clear? Now, here, guys, I have mentioned a couple of more things. So, we're talking about the NLP, guys.
Sunny Savita: So, in the NLP, this ambiguity is the very common problem.
Sunny Savita: Right? So you will get that kind of sentence, you will get the different, different kind of sentence, where you will be having some ambiguity.
Sunny Savita: I have explained you one thing, right? Sorry, I have given you a few more examples in the previous classes. Can anyone tell me a few more examples with respect to this ambiguity?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: If anything is coming in your mind, you can let me know, with respect to ambiguity. Okay, there are, there are, like, different, different sentences.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, dog bite man, men bite dog, right? If we're talking about this bank word, so this is also an ambiguation. This word is also ambiguity, right? So, we could have money bank, we could have a river bank.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this word is also like a, we, we, we, we cannot define directly, right, which bank, it's, this, this bank, what actually it is related to which sentence. It is directly related to the, the money bank, or it is related to the river bank, okay? We'll have to go through the entire sentence for that, and self-attention is doing that very well.
Sunny Savita: Now, limitation of the single hat. So, single hat, basically, it is not going to be, like, get a deeper context. So, it will not be able to get the deep context, okay?
Sunny Savita: Deep context, basically.
Sunny Savita: It was… it was not able to get the deep context, and because of that, guys, they have introduced the multi-areed cell potential. So in the reality of the NLP, a sentence can have the multiple perspectives simultaneously.
Sunny Savita: So to get the multiple perspective, or to reduce the ambiguity, okay, so we have… they have introduced the concept of the multi-added self-attention. So, guys, tell me,
Sunny Savita: Is this definition clear to all of you, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: is this definition is clear, so once you will go through with this entire slide, you will be able to understand this entire definition.
Sunny Savita: So just give me a quick thumbs up if it is clear then, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, I have kept one more example, so with that, actually, you will be able to understand in a well manner.
Sunny Savita: Just give me 2 minutes, guys, okay? I'm just taking 2 minutes of water break. Give me 2 minutes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, I hope this is clear. Now, I have one more example. So, let's try to understand with this particular example also. So, guys, why… basically, we are going to be using the multi-tension. So, multi-tension, basically.
Sunny Savita: here I return, again, one more line. So, multi-retention basically allows model to capture the multiple relationship, understand the different meanings simultaneously, and focus on the different, part of the sentence in parallel.
Sunny Savita: So, I kept one more example, let's understand with that. So, I hope, you are able to see this particular example. Let's just focus over here. So, let's suppose, guys, we have this paragraph, this one.
Sunny Savita: Are you able to read this paragraph?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, here you can see the summary of it, okay? The summary of this paragraph. This is the summary.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And then, guys, we have one more summary of this particular paragraph, so let me highlight that also. So we're talking about that summary. Here is that summary, guys, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So just focus on the summary. Now, guys, just tell me, if we're talking about this particular paragraph, so there could be a multiple summaries of it, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: there could be a multiple summaries of this particular paragraph. So just focus over here, just read out this particular paragraph, what I have written. In electrical engineering, a transformer is a passive component that transforms electrical energy from electrical circuit to another circuit.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so it is about the transformer, like, how transformer is working. So here is a summary one. Okay, this is what, this is a one perspective.
Sunny Savita: This is one perspective.
Sunny Savita: This is what guys tell me. This is one perspective of the paragraph.
Sunny Savita: This is one perspective of the paragraph.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, here you can see this summary too, basically, it is another perspective of the paragraph.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Another perspective… of the… paragraph.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, this summary is also correct.
Sunny Savita: This summary is also correct.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. Now, if we have a transformer model.
Sunny Savita: If we have a transformer model.
Sunny Savita: If we have a transformer model, Which we have trained.
Sunny Savita: Which we have trained with a multiple
Sunny Savita: which we have trained with Dow.
Sunny Savita: multiple… Self-attention.
Sunny Savita: with a multiple self-attention blog, okay, with a multi-headed self-attention, or multiple self-attention. In that case, guys, it will be able to understand the deeper perspective
Sunny Savita: Deeper perspective.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: means, means, if you will ask to generate a summary of this particular paragraph, so it will be able to generate the summary, the summary one, or it will be able to generate a summary 2 also. Or if you are giving any more context to this regard, related to this paragraph, it will be able to generate a summary according to that.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about the ChatGPT, let's say, if we're talking about the ChatGPT,
Sunny Savita: everyone using the chat GPT, right?
Sunny Savita: So if you're giving this paragraph to the chat GPT,
Sunny Savita: If you're giving the paragraph to the chat GPT,
Sunny Savita: So, always, it is giving you the same output.
Sunny Savita: So, always, It is giving you the same output.
Sunny Savita: No, guys. Always, it is not going to be a same output.
Sunny Savita: Always. It is not going to be a same output, right? So, if you're giving it first time, it will generate something.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you're giving it first time, it will generate something. If you're giving it second time, right, it will generate something.
Sunny Savita: Let's say if you're giving it… if you're giving this paragraph with some additional instruction, With some additional instruction.
Sunny Savita: So it's going to be generated accordingly.
Sunny Savita: It's going to be generated accordingly, according to the instruction.
Sunny Savita: According to instruction.
Sunny Savita: Now, how this thing is possible, guys? Because whenever they have trained the GPT model.
Sunny Savita: whenever they have trained the GPT model, so they are not… they haven't trained the GPT model with a single head.
Sunny Savita: they haven't trained the model with a single head. They have trained the model… they have trained the model, actually, with the multi-head.
Sunny Savita: Multi-head means what? Multi-head means the different, different, set of the QKB.
Sunny Savita: And if we're talking about the original research paper, Original research paper.
Sunny Savita: Now, how many heads were there inside the original research paper? Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: 8 had was there. So, 8 head means what? Can anyone tell me what is the meaning of the 8 hat? So, we're talking about the 8 had, so 8 head means what?
Sunny Savita: 8 head means… tell me, guys, 8 set, 8 set of… Q… K and V.
Sunny Savita: Is this thing clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me. Is this, is this example as clear?
Sunny Savita: No, it is not fixed, so here I can write it is a hyperparameter.
Sunny Savita: Hyperparameter kama steho guys aplo, tell me yes or no. Hyperparameter as those parameters, their value is not fixed.
Sunny Savita: their value is not fixed, okay? The meaning of the hyperparameter is called, the meaning of the hyperparameter call, it's an experimental parameter.
Sunny Savita: experimental parameter. And for that, guys, we required a heavy research.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: experimental parameter. Those parameters are the experimental parameter. Hyperparameter, basically, it's a experimental parameter, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, see, great. So, you understood, you understood about the multi-ad self-attention. If till here everything is fine, everything is clear, just let me know, guys, so that I can explain you the multi-add self-attention, how it is working, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just give me a quick thumbs up.
Sunny Savita: The vector database concept comes in the self-attention? No, it does not come over here.
Sunny Savita: That is a different concept, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, great. Now, over here, guys, you can see, so let's understand.
Sunny Savita: Let's understand this multi-head self-attention, okay? I hope you are able to see this particular architecture. So, let's say this is my sentence.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now over here you can see, this is what, guys, this is my sentence.
Sunny Savita: The sentence, basically, money bank, so it is going through, it's going through, see, just to show you, just to show you, just to explain you, I am taking two head, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just to explain you.
Sunny Savita: Just to explain you this concept, explain you… this concept.
Sunny Savita: this concept, I'm taking two heads.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, can anyone tell me if we are saying two hat, what is the meaning of that?
Sunny Savita: If we are saying two-head, the meaning of it, toolset.
Sunny Savita: two set of what? We are talking about the two head, guys. The meaning of the two head is two set of…
Sunny Savita: Q.
Sunny Savita: K, and V, okay? Now, let's say this is my sentence. My sentence is money bank. It is going to the self-attention, so this is the first head.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: This is the first head, and this is the second head.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this is a first add, this is a second head. So, first head means we will be having this value, Q value, WQ value, WK value, and WV value. Now, here also, WQ value, WK value, and WV value.
Sunny Savita: So this is called… this is called the first hat, and this is… this is called the first hat, and this is called the second head. So let me write it over here, so that you will get a good understanding of that, okay? So what I'm doing, guys, so here I'm going to be right. So this is what, guys, tell me, this is the first hat.
Sunny Savita: This is the second head, okay? So this is what, guys, tell me, this is the second head.
Sunny Savita: Now, we are saying this is what? This is the first head.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Is it clear to all of you? Now, over here, guys, now over here, what I'll be getting, I'll be getting my why of money, means contextual embedding of money.
Sunny Savita: And contextual embedding of what? Contextual embedding of bank, okay? So this is from first head. Now, here also, I will be getting contextual embedding of money.
Sunny Savita: And… contextual embedding of bank.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is from Second Head.
Sunny Savita: Till here everything is fine, till here everything is clear. Tell me, guys, yes or no. Now, further, how this thing is being, now, further, how this thing is being processed, you will get to know now. Okay? So this is from where, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: This is from first hat.
Sunny Savita: This is from first step.
Sunny Savita: And this is from where? This is from the second head.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the original research paper, so how many times they have repeated this particular step? So, they have repeated 8 times.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the original research paper.
Sunny Savita: So, they have repeated this particular step 8 times.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And now, again, this is a hyperparameter. Yeah, this is a parallel flow, right? But how this final vector will be proceed? So, we have to understand that part also. So for that, guys, I have kept this particular diagram, and with this particular diagram, guys, we'll understand
Sunny Savita: how this final vector is being processed, okay? And after that, I will show you the, and after that, guys, what I'll do, after that, guys, I will show you that specific block, which I shared in the previous class, right?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, let's understand this particular flow. Let's understand this particular diagram, okay? Now, here, what I have written, I have written the meaning, so you can read out this particular meaning also.
Sunny Savita: So, one head means single set of metrics, transform all the research paper ad, but it is a hyperparameter. You can have as many as head, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys.
Sunny Savita: You can see, so this is the diagram. Now, let's understand this particular diagram. So, we have a sentence. Now, guys, which… what sentence I can take? Can anyone tell me? And the dimension-wise, guys, if we're talking about a dimension, okay, so there's dimension-wise, I will explain you in the next slide. Okay, means, when I will show you the end-to-end flow of the
Sunny Savita: encoder and decoder now, end-to-end flow of the encoder-decoder. So, okay, so I will, take the example of the dimension over there. So, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: I will discuss about the dimension.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, just tell me, we can take the sentence, let's say my sentence is what? My sentence is money, bank, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, my sentence is what? Money?
Sunny Savita: And bang. So I have two particular words… I have two words inside the sentence, okay? Now, guys, just to explain to you this thing, can I take a dimension of 3?
Sunny Savita: Can I take a dimension of 3, just to explain you this entire concept?
Sunny Savita: Just give me a quick confirmation, yes or no. So let's say we have a dimension of 3 over here. So here, the money is also having a dimension, okay? Dimension of 3, and bank is also having a dimension of 3, okay? So what I can do, guys, here I can write…
Sunny Savita: Here I can write, guys, see, what I can write. This is the embedding of money, okay?
Sunny Savita: This is what guys tell me, this is the embedding of money.
Sunny Savita: And this is what? Embedding of what? Embedding of bank. Now, can anyone tell me what is this? This one?
Sunny Savita: What does this, guys, tell me? This is W, this is WQ,
Sunny Savita: This is WK, and this is WV.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this is what… this is my first set.
Sunny Savita: first set, okay? Now, this is what? This is my WQ, this is my WK, and this is what? This is my WV. Now, this is what, guys? This is second set.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Now, after that, guys, what I'll be getting, I'll be getting Q of money.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I'll be getting Q of money, and I'll be getting… Q of Bank.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, here also, what I'll be getting, guys, I'll be getting K of money.
Sunny Savita: I'll be getting K of Bank.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, here also, guys, I'll be getting… V of Money, Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, here is what? V of Bank.
Sunny Savita: This one. Now, what's the dimension, guys? Tell me. So what dimension, basically, I kept? So, after the pre… after the processing, guys, I'll be getting a 3-dimension over here, okay? So, after the metrics multiplication, I'll be getting a 3-dimension. And this matrix multiplication concept, I think I explained you in the previous class.
Sunny Savita: Right? So what is this matrix multiplication? Again, I can give you the quick recap of that. So here, the dimension is what? Let's say the dimension is 3.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, here is also, guys, what I'm getting.
Sunny Savita: So I'm getting what? Let me mention it over here. So, this is what? This is having 3 dimension.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is what? This is also having a three-dimension, okay?
Sunny Savita: And this is what, guys? This is also having a three-dimension, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this is what, guys, tell me. This is Maya. If we're talking about this.
Sunny Savita: So, this is nothing, this is mine.
Sunny Savita: Q of money. Okay, let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: This is a game.
Sunny Savita: Q of money.
Sunny Savita: This is, again, Q of… Bank.
Sunny Savita: This is what, guys.
Sunny Savita: Q, sorry, K of money, this is my K vector.
Sunny Savita: K of money. This is my K of bank.
Sunny Savita: There's my V of Money.
Sunny Savita: And this is my view of bank.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, this is coming. This is coming from the… first head.
Sunny Savita: And this is coming from where? From the second head.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the ordinal research paper, so this entire calculation, basically, it's going to be multi… it's this entire process, basically, it's going to be happen how many times?
Sunny Savita: It's going to be happen.
Sunny Savita: 8 times, okay? But this is the hyperparameter, so you can have as many as value, so here I'm writing n.
Sunny Savita: Right? Here, I'm writing N. Now, N basically is equal to 8, In original research paper.
Sunny Savita: O, R, P, means original research paper, okay? Now, this N could be anything. You can take any value of it.
Sunny Savita: You can take any value. So whatever latest model you are seeing, Llama, Mistral, and all, so they have taken this N value very high over there, okay? You can take any value over there.
Sunny Savita: Any value over there. Now, over here, guys, if you are doing it 8 times, so this entire calculation is going to be repeat how many times? This entire calculation, basically, it's going to be repeat 8 times, okay? So, over here, I can write, so this entire calculation, basically, it's going to be repeat 8 times.
Sunny Savita: So, just for the explanation, so over here, I'm just taking example of 2 only, okay? So, over here, I'm just taking example of 2. Now, tell me, guys, what I'll be getting over here, if we're talking about this.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about this, guys, tell me what I'll be getting over here, if we're talking about this particular vector. So, I'll be getting…
Sunny Savita: Contextual embedding of money, okay?
Sunny Savita: So let me write over here. So this is going to be a contextual embedding.
Sunny Savita: Contextual embedding. CE. CE means what? Contextual embedding of…
Sunny Savita: money, and this is what contextual embedding of what? Bang. Okay, this is from first head. So, I'm writing one over here. Now, here, guys, this is going to be a contextual embedding of money.
Sunny Savita: Okay, from the second head. So let me write the second over here.
Sunny Savita: And here again, contextual embedding of money.
Sunny Savita: From the second hand. Till here, everything is fine, till here everything is clear. Now, we have to understand how this thing is being… Okay, it is a bank, guys, sorry. It is a bank. So this is going to be what? This is going to be a bank.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, over here, we need to be understand, right? Over here, we need to be understand how this output is being concatenated, right? So, what we'll do, guys, so whatever value we'll be getting, whatever embedding we are getting over here, so we are going to be concatenating this output.
Sunny Savita: concatenating this output. Now, can you tell me, guys, what is the meaning of the concatenation?
Sunny Savita: CONCAT T… Nation, N-A-T-I-O-N.
Sunny Savita: So the concatenation means, basically, we are going to be append the output. We are going to be append the output.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, we are going to be append the output. Now, over here, guys, how we are going to be append? So, we are going to be append these two metrics. So, we are going to be append. How we are going to be appended? So, we are going to be append this particular output horizontally.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, here I can write, we are going to be append this output, horizontally, T-A-L-Y, okay? Sorry for the wrong spelling, I think you are able to understand.
Sunny Savita: horizontally. Now, what is the meaning of the horizontally, guys? So, horizontally means like this. So, what will be the dimension? If we are going to be append horizontally? 1, 2, 3,
Sunny Savita: 4… 5. So this is going to become my final vector.
Sunny Savita: So this is what burned.
Sunny Savita: 2… 3… 4… 5.
Sunny Savita: So, this, like this, guys, we are going to be appended horizontally. Now, what will be… what is the dimension? What would be my dimension, guys? Tell me? 6 would be the dimension. So, how I can see this matrix? How I can write this matrix? I can write like this. 2 cross 6 matrix.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this will be my final metrics. Now, over here, guys.
Sunny Savita: tell me, this is going to be a embedding of the… this is going to be embedding of the con… this is going to be my contextual embedding of the money, this one, and this is going to be my contextual embedding of what? This is going to be my contextual embedding of what? Bang.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Till here, everything is fine, everything is clear.
Sunny Savita: Till here, everything is fine, everything is clear, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. Now, after that, guys, what we will do, after that, this particular… this particular matrix, again, is going to be multiply with one more betrix, guys. So, this is the twist over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: So after that, guys, again, this particular matrix, this one, this concatenation output, horizontally concatenation, horizontally concatenation, it's going to be multiplied with what? It's going to be multiplied with the weight matrix. So, this is what, guys? This is my…
Sunny Savita: weight metrics. Let me write over here, this is what? This is my… weight metrics.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, what would be the size of this weight matrix, guys? What would be the size of this weight matrix? So the size of the weight matrix is going to be 6 cross 3.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, we want our original… we want what? We want our original… we want what? We want our original size of the embedding.
Sunny Savita: We want our original size of the embedding. So what was the original size of the embedding?
Sunny Savita: What was the original size of the embedding? The original size of the embedding was this one. Over here, you can see. This was the original size of the embedding. So we are going to be concatenate. This was the original size of the embedding.
Sunny Savita: This was the original size of the embedding, so we are going to be concatenate this output, okay? We are going to be multiplied with the weight, and after that, guys, we are getting our original size of the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, let me draw the size… let me draw the size of the embedding. So… sorry, let me draw this… let me draw this await matrix. So, here is going to be 6 cross 3. 6 cross 3 means what? 6 rows, okay? 1…
Sunny Savita: 2… 3… 4… 5.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so 6 rows and 3 columns. So this is what? This is my weight matrix. And after that, guys, what I'll be getting, after that only, I will be getting my final, actual, contextual embedding. So this is what, guys, tell me. This one, this one. So here I can write, this is my final
Sunny Savita: This is my final contextual embedding, this is my final contextual embedding of money, and this is what? This is my final contextual embedding of what? Contextual embedding of the bank.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. So this is the final contextual embedding of the money, and this is the final contextual embedding of the bank.
Sunny Savita: Like this, guys, like this, guys, this entire, multi-headed, like this, guys, the entire multi-headed output is being processed. So tell me, guys, how's the explanation? Did you understand this entire thing?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Did you understand this entire explanation? I written very neat and clear, so if you're going to be… if you're going to be reading from your end, everything is going to be clear, okay? Now, one more thing, guys, see?
Sunny Savita: I think many of you, you don't know the metrics multiplication, so let me, give you one example of the metrics multiplication. So just a second, guys, let me give you one quick example of the metrics multiplication. So, guys, can you tell me what is this? I will give you the break, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: Can you tell me, guys, what is this?
Sunny Savita: 1… 2… 3, 4.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, what is this?
Sunny Savita: It is a metrics, right? It is a metrics. It is a 2 cross 2 matrix.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is this, guys? This one, 1, 2, 3.
Sunny Savita: 4, 5, 6. What is this, guys? Tell me. It is…
Sunny Savita: 3 cross, 2 cross, 3 metrics. Now, this first value, actually, this first value, it is representing a row. This is what? This is a row.
Sunny Savita: Now, the second value, basically, it is representing a column.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this is what, this is the row, and this is the column.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This is the column. Now, guys, tell me how many rows are there?
Sunny Savita: How many rows are there? So this is the row.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and how many columns are there?
Sunny Savita: How many columns are there?
Sunny Savita: We have 3 columns. So how many rows is there?
Sunny Savita: We have two rows, and how many columns is there?
Sunny Savita: Tell me 2 columns, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, one more thing. Now, tell me, guys, what is this? 1, 2, 3.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: This is what? This is the column metrics.
Sunny Savita: These are the column metrics.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, what is the size of this column matrix, guys? Tell me. The size of this column matrix is going to be…
Sunny Savita: 3 cross 1. Now, what is this, guys? If I'm going to be right like this… 1…
Sunny Savita: 2, 3. Now, tell me, guys, what is this? It is a… row metrics.
Sunny Savita: It is a row matrix, or it is also called a vector, right?
Sunny Savita: It is also called the vector. We can also say the vector, right? This is also called the vector.
Sunny Savita: Let me write over here, vector, okay? Vector.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, this is… what is the size of it? The size of it is going to be 1 cross 3.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is a matrix multiplication? Let's understand the metrics multiplication.
Sunny Savita: metrics.
Sunny Savita: multiplication.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Metrics multiplication. So let's say we have two metrics, 1, 2, 3, 4.
Sunny Savita: And now here we have another matrix, 3, 4, 5, 6. So how we are going to be multiply it, tell me, guys. So we are going to be multiplying this matrix, right? So we'll take a row of it.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be multiplying with a column, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, how I will write that? So, 1 in 23 plus… 2 into 5.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, row, again, this row is going to be multiplied with this column, so how I will write it? 1 cross 4 plus…
Sunny Savita: 2 cross 6.
Sunny Savita: Now, how I will write the multiplication? So, this row, basically, is going to be multiplied with this particular column, this one. So, 3 cross 3,
Sunny Savita: plus… 4 crossed 5.
Sunny Savita: And here, I… what I will write, 3 cross 4, Plus 4 cross 6.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, tell me what will be the value of it, the final value. So, 3, 1, 5, 2, 13, right? Now, here, 4-1.
Sunny Savita: 612, it's going to be 16.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, 39, it's going to be 29. Now, here, it's going to be 24, and, 34, and the 36, right? So this is going to be my final… well, this is going to be what? This is going to be my final matrix. Now, what is the size of this matrix? 2 cross 2.
Sunny Savita: 2 cross 2. Now, here, the size of this particular metric is also going to be 2 cross 2.
Sunny Savita: After the multiplication, what we are getting, we are getting 2 cross 2 metrics. Is it clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear to all of you? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, let's say, let's say we have one more metrics, okay? So here, guys, what I'm going to do, I'm going to take a square matrix. So this is my square matrix.
Sunny Savita: sorry, not a square matrix, it's a rectangular matrix, okay? So what I can do, I can take this matrix, let's say here I can write 1, 2, 3,
Sunny Savita: 4, 5, 6. Now, I have one more metrics.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, first of all, tell me what is the size of this matrix? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: 2 cross 3, okay? Now here, what I can do, guys, I can take one more matrix. Let's say this is my matrix.
Sunny Savita: And the size of the matrix is going to be what?
Sunny Savita: the size of the matrix is going to be what I can do, guys. Let's say I can take…
Sunny Savita: What I can take, guys.
Sunny Savita: I can take, 3 cross 3, okay? Or let's take,
Sunny Savita: 3 cross 3 over here. 3 cross 3. So this is what? This is my 3 cross 3 matrix. Now, tell me, guys, what will be the final metrics? If I'm going to be take a final metrics, what will be the size of that? So the size of that particular matrix is going to be… tell me…
Sunny Savita: The size of that particular matrix is going to be what?
Sunny Savita: Can anyone guess?
Sunny Savita: What will be the size of that particular matrix?
Sunny Savita: 2 cross 3. Okay, so the size of that particular matrix is going to be what? 2 cross 3. Okay, so what is the formula behind that? What is the formula behind that?
Sunny Savita: So the formula behind that is very, very easy, very, very simple. So, if we have any M cross N metrics, okay, and if we have any N cross P metrics, right, so we are going to be multiplied between that, so the size of that is going to be M cross P.
Sunny Savita: So this is going to be a size of the final multiplication.
Sunny Savita: This is going to be a size of the final multiplication.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no, okay? So, likewise, guys, we can understand the metrics multiplication, and this transformer, actually, it is all about the matrix multiplication. Not only the transformer, guys, we are talking about the deep learning.
Sunny Savita: Okay? If we are talking about the anti-deep learning, it is nothing, it is a matrix multiplication.
Sunny Savita: Metrics multiplication.
Sunny Savita: So in backend, nothing is happening. Those entire GPU now, those heavy GPUs, basically, is just doing a matrix multiplication over the billions of barometer.
Sunny Savita: over the billions of parameter, and this matrix multiplication, basically… see, this matrix, actually, it's nothing… it's not a normal, normal, basically, vector. It is called a tensor.
Sunny Savita: Which is specifically designed to run it over the GPUs, actually.
Sunny Savita: Which is specifically designed to run it over the GPU. So this special vector, basically, we are going to be converted into the tensors.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this tensor, basically, it's going to be compute over the GPU. So this entire transformer architecture is nothing. In a backend, actually, it is just a matrix multiplication, where the billions of the metrics… billions of the parameter is there inside the matrices.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, and the metrics-based operation is being performed in the form of tensor over the GPU.
Sunny Savita: Making sense or not, guys, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: I hope you are getting clear. This concept is getting clear. So this multi-attention concept is clear. Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: This multi-retention concept is clear. So let me give you the quick overview of this multi-retention concept from this particular blog itself, and after that, I will give you the quick break, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now guys, if you will look into this particular blog, so, guys, inside this block, now tell me how many in… what is the size of the input vector?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, quickly.
Sunny Savita: What is the size of the input vector? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: What is the size of the input vector?
Sunny Savita: How many inputs we have? We have 2 inputs, this one.
Sunny Savita: Right? We have two inputs. So we are going to be multiplying this input, this input, this input, with this different, different, what? Different, different, basically, metrics, okay? And after that, what we are getting, guys, after that, we are getting this.
Sunny Savita: We are getting this.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We are getting this. Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Is this clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So, from attention 1, we are getting this.
Sunny Savita: from attention 2, from attention 2, we are getting this. So they have given attention 1, the name is had0, and for attention 2, head 1. This thing is clear.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, after that, guys, what will happen? See?
Sunny Savita: So here, here, guys, he's… he's talking about the 8-8 head.
Sunny Savita: So, we are doing it for the 8 hat, so how many Z, how many this we are getting, how many contextual vector we are getting. Tell me, guys, how many we are getting. We are getting 8 times.
Sunny Savita: 1, 2, then da-da-da-da-da-da, 8, right? So this is my 8. This is clear, guys. Tell me yes or no. Is this getting clear to all of you? The same thing you can compare with my explanation also. So if you will check with my explanation, I have done the same way, okay? So this is from the one head, this is from the one head.
Sunny Savita: After that, we are getting this particular contextual embedding. So this is the output of the one, basically, this is my Z0, and this is my Z1. So it could be like this, it could be like this multiple times, okay? Now, guys, after that, guys, you can see what he's doing.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the concatenation of all the 8 values, of all the 8 context vector.
Sunny Savita: Are you getting it or not? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: This is the concatenation of all the… All the 8 context vector.
Sunny Savita: which we are getting from the multiple heads. Now, tell me, guys, over here, now tell me how many heads they have taken.
Sunny Savita: They have taken 8 hats.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now tell me, guys, it is a vertical concatenation or horizontal concatenation?
Sunny Savita: So, it's a hoary.
Sunny Savita: horizontal.
Sunny Savita: It's a hoary, gentle, Okay.
Sunny Savita: It is a horizontal.
Sunny Savita: concatenation.
Sunny Savita: Now, what they are doing, after that, guys, this particular import is being multiplied
Sunny Savita: with the weight matrixes. This is a weight matrix, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: This particular input is being multiplied with this bit matrix, and what is the final output we are getting? So we are getting a same dimension of the output.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me yes or no. Is it getting clear? So this is my concatenated output from each head.
Sunny Savita: This is going to be multiply.
Sunny Savita: With this weight matrix.
Sunny Savita: It is, again, a learnable parameter.
Sunny Savita: This is what, guys, tell me. It is a learnable parameter, trainable parameter.
Sunny Savita: And here we are getting our final vector.
Sunny Savita: This is what? This is our final vector. Getting my point? So we're talking about the self-attention layer. So, here you can see, I have explained to you the same thing. If you will talk about the self-attention layer, so at how many places this learnable parameter are coming.
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me at how many places this learnable parameter is coming?
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about… if we're talking about, guys, so this learnable parameter, basically, it is coming.
Sunny Savita: Add this place.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: At this place. At this means this is my learnable parameter.
Sunny Savita: This hats, actually, it's my learnable parameter. This weight's actually, it's my learnable parameter. And along with that, this weight matrix also, this weight matrix also, it's a…
Sunny Savita: learnable parameter.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Got it, guys?
Sunny Savita: So the multi-out attention is clear.
Sunny Savita: Tell me how's the explanation? Did you understand this entire concept or not? If you understood this entire concept, you can tell me. You can let me know in the chat, okay?
Sunny Savita: Concatination hi Q, addition queue nahi. You can do the addition double, just check the output. If you're getting the correct one, then, you can publish your own research, you can counter their,
Sunny Savita: you can counter their research, okay? Google research, actually.
Sunny Savita: It's experimental, right? So, all that thing is experimental.
Sunny Savita: So, you have not clarified about the relationship between the embedding size and the number of adds. No, there is no connection between that.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: embedding size, and the number of head. Number of head could be anything, and with whatever model you are going to be taking embedding size, that could be anything, okay? The embedding size also could be anything. So here I'm talking everything with respect to the original research paper. I'll give you the one, clear flow like this only, with all the original embedding which they capped inside the research paper.
Sunny Savita: With that, most of the understanding will be clear, okay, about the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, how's the explanation? I hope you understood it.
Sunny Savita: Now… I hope, this is clear, correct?
Sunny Savita: how you decide the size of this particular matrix? I told you, no, it is a simple matrix operations, right? I want my original matrix, this…
Sunny Savita: 2 crossed 3. So for that, I took this matrix, 6 crossed 3.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: 6 cross 3 means.
Sunny Savita: Here you can see 2 cross 6. This value and this value should be similar for the matrix multiplication.
Sunny Savita: If I'm talking about the matrix multiplication now, So this value, this value.
Sunny Savita: And this value should be similar. This value, this value should be similar.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: this value, this value should be similar. Here, also, I return M cross N and N cross P. So this value, this value should be similar, this value.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so after that, guys, we'll understand about the layer normalization. It is a simple, concept I capped over here. See, this is a cross-attention, we'll understand, then mass self-attention, and we are going to be complete this chapter, the transformer. So, we'll understand about the layer normalization. So, this is the, like, formula of the layer normalization.
Sunny Savita: We'll see one calculation using the near normalization, okay? And then we are going to be complete this concept also.
Sunny Savita: So, tell me, guys, are you able to understand the breakdown of this transformer architecture? I think, yes, you are able to get it.
Sunny Savita: So, just revise the concept after the session, everything will be clarified, okay?
Sunny Savita: I written everything in a very neat and clear manner. Yesterday, actually, I was out of the station, so from past 3 days, actually, I was out of the station, so I didn't get a chance to, like, create a notes.
Sunny Savita: And that's why, guys, yesterday I couldn't do that, but yeah, today I got a time, so I created it. And you will get, similar kind of notes for the upcoming session also.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine, guys, so let's take a break, and after that, again, I'll start. Ruchi's saying, sir, are my messages visible? Your message is visible, but, it is… maybe it is getting missed, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if any doubt is there, you can ask in a doubt session. Got it, Ruchi? Because it is very difficult to answer every message in our live class.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I'll give you that raw case, okay? Get ready to the transformer, I'll provide you that.
Sunny Savita: So, fine, guys, let me put the timer, and I'll start the session after. How many minutes, guys?
Sunny Savita: It's look like you're talking to yourself. No, no, I'm talking to you only, okay?
Sunny Savita: Monica is saying, and talking to your…
Sunny Savita: Every time you sh… see, every time shouting is not, required. Understand, Monica, I have to save my energy to explain you this typical concept.
Sunny Savita: That's why I'm explaining you, like, in a bit slower voice, and with the complete flow and all. Otherwise, you will not be able to get this concept. Understand it, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. Thank you, guys.
Sunny Savita: So let's take a quick,
Sunny Savita: Or dinner break, and that will be it. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's start, let's start with the class again. Can you hear me? Just give me quick confirmation in the chat.
Sunny Savita: If you can hear me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let's start, let's begin. We understood the concept of the, single head and the multi-head, right? And I hope, this entire thing is clear. If you have any sort of a doubt, you can, ask me in a doubt session. Now, a couple of people are saying, sir, what is this? Actually, it is a weight matrix, this one.
Sunny Savita: So, here also, and in the blog, basically, at the both places, you can see, this is nothing, it's a weight matrix, okay? Now, from where these weights are coming, so these are the random weights.
Sunny Savita: These are the random weights, which is, being, which is being, basically, which is, which is being capped, for, just for the multiplication with the, with this vector, okay? With this, context embedding vector.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: So, it is a random weights, that's it.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, yeah, random weights, it's a trainable parameter. Yes, you are right. Now, if you're having confusion with this trainable parameter, learnable parameter, so in that case, you should check out with the neural networks, right?
Sunny Savita: So all this concept, trainable parameter, learnable parameter, this, all the concept, all the terms and the terminology, actually, it comes from the basics of the deep learning.
Sunny Savita: If at least you know the deep, if at least you know how the neural network works, then you can understand these terms and the terminology in a better way.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, what I'm doing, guys, so let me explain you the next concept, one more concept, that's going to be a layer normalization. So, if you will look into this transformer architecture, everyone is able to see this architecture, guys, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, yes or no. Everyone is able to see this architecture.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now over here, inside this particular architecture, I think we have covered each and every part of the encoder, except one thing, so I'm just going to point out that particular thing. Now, over here, you can see…
Sunny Savita: That is this normalization.
Sunny Savita: Is it visible?
Sunny Savita: inside this architecture, can you see this add and norm? So, we need to be understanding this norm, okay? What is this norm? So I'm directly jumping to that part, so I capped one slide for that. I created one slide for that as well, just to explain you that norm, okay? And then, basically, we'll come to the other concept. Two more concepts is remaining.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, over here, guys, see, here's the concept of the layer normalization. Now, If you will check.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is our mask attention? So, we'll come to that, Naveen, okay? We'll come to that particular part. I'll come to that, like, concept. Now, over here,
Sunny Savita: Let me do one thing, guys. Let me open the research paper. So, this is the research paper. Attention, all you need, okay?
Sunny Savita: So what I'm doing, guys, here, over this paper, I'm just writing this norm.
Sunny Savita: Okay? But I'm just writing this, layer norm.
Sunny Savita: Layer, no. So, can you see the layer normalization, this particular term?
Sunny Savita: Can you see this particular term? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So if I'm going to be searched this layer normalization, here you will get it. You can check it at the multiple places, and where it is appearing.
Sunny Savita: So this term is appearing inside this encoder and decoder stack block, okay? So just read out this block, just read out this particular paragraph, and you will get some meaning, some understanding.
Sunny Savita: Not completely, but you will get that, okay? So, over here, if I'm going to be checked with the other one, see, here is the last, here, here is this layer normalization, it is mentioned inside the reference also. So they took the reference of this layer normalization for this specific paper.
Sunny Savita: So even you can check out with this specific paper, right? So what you can do, you can simply open this paper. Sorry, simply you can click on that reference. Okay, so once you will click on that reference, let me search it again. So, layer normalization. So just click on that reference, okay, just do the right click and open that.
Sunny Savita: Or just simply click on it.
Sunny Savita: See, here is the layer normalization concept. So, the layer normalization, basically, it is a complete, concept itself, okay? One research paper has been published on top of this particular concept.
Sunny Savita: Now, just open it.
Sunny Savita: Now just open it and check.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so can you see, guys, this layer normalization? Is it visible to all of you? Now, can anyone tell me who has published this research paper?
Sunny Savita: Who was the main architect behind this research paper?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: So, Jeffrey Hinton was the key figure behind this research paper. So, Jeffrey Hinton was the key figure, and along with him, there is two more person, Jamie Reyans and the Jimmy Leiba, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, I think this is a Chinese guy, maybe so. And Jeffrey Hinton, he's from the Google, and he's, participated inside this particular research.
Sunny Savita: So there is a complete research, okay, they have published with respect to this layer normalization, and the formula, basically, they have derived, okay, so inside this research paper itself, if you will go and check.
Sunny Savita: you will find out the formula as well. The basic calculation and all, everything is, like, a little complex, if you will look into this research paper, okay?
Sunny Savita: But guys, I can directly show you the formula.
Sunny Savita: So… Here is a formula of the layer normalization. Can you see this formula, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Please let me know in the chat if you are able to see this particular formula.
Sunny Savita: Just tell me in the chat, just write it down in the chat, if you are able to see this formula. Now, how many of you know about the normalization? Have you ever learned about the normalization? Have you ever gone through with the normalization concept?
Sunny Savita: standardization, normalization, right? So let me give you some background behind this normalization. So what I'm doing, guys, here I'm giving you some background behind this normalization.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, we talk about the normalization, so we use a couple of techniques for that, right? So, here, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to write the normalization. Now, first of all, what is the meaning of the normalization?
Sunny Savita: What is the meaning of the normalization? Tell me, guys, what is the meaning of the normalization?
Sunny Savita: So the meaning of the normalization is very, very simple to compress the value.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: to compress… to compress… the value… To compress the value within within the… specific range.
Sunny Savita: to compress the value within that specific range. Is it clear to all of you, yes or no? Now, we're talking about the machine learning and deep learning.
Sunny Savita: So there, we use to vary, there we use TOWERY, Popular technique for the
Sunny Savita: Two very popular techniques for the normalization.
Sunny Savita: The first technique is going to be MIN and MEX.
Sunny Savita: min and max scaling. Have you heard about this min and max scaling?
Sunny Savita: And the second is going to be standard scalar.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: The second is going to be this standard scaler.
Sunny Savita: Now here, inside this min and max, we are going to be… compress our data in such a way
Sunny Savita: We are going to be compress our data in the min and max, okay, in the min and max range.
Sunny Savita: in the min and max range. The by default range would be from 0 to 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Something like that. But we can compress it in any min and max range, okay? We can modify that formula, and we can compress it in any specific range. Now, we're talking about the standard scalar, so we are going… standard scalar, right? So here, we are going to be compress our data in such a way
Sunny Savita: The mean of the data is going to be…
Sunny Savita: Always 0. And the standard deviation of the data is going to be 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you can check out over the Google as well. So, if you will open, what you will open, guys? So, let me open the, min and max scaler from the scikit-learn. So, min and max scaler from…
Sunny Savita: scikit-learn, okay?
Sunny Savita: You know about the scikit-learn. Now, over here, what I can do, I can write a standard scalar.
Sunny Savita: is standard scalar scikit-learn. Now, over here, guys, you can see, so this is from the, min and max.
Sunny Savita: So just check out the formula, what is a formula?
Sunny Savita: X minus X min, okay, and divided by S max and Xmin.
Sunny Savita: Right? So this is what, guys, this is the formula of the…
Sunny Savita: This is the formula of the min-max scaling, so we can compress our data in this particular range. Now, if you will check out with the standard scalar, so here you will get the formula of the standard scalar also. So here, guys, you can see the formula of the standard scalar also. Okay? So, let me write the formula of the min and max.
Sunny Savita: So what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be right.
Sunny Savita: See, this is the popular formula of the min and max scaling. So, I can write it down over here.
Sunny Savita: The first formula of the min and max, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, X minus X of min.
Sunny Savita: Acts of men.
Sunny Savita: divided by… X of max minus… acts of mid, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is the formula of the min and max scaling. Now, what is this X over here? This X is nothing, it is a data point.
Sunny Savita: It is off.
Sunny Savita: data point.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, over here, guys, you can see, over here, if I'm going to be… write a formula for the standard scalar, so the formula of the standard scalar is going to be X minus mu divided by standard deviation, right? And this X is nothing, it is a data point over here.
Sunny Savita: This is what, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: The X is going to be what? The X is going to be data point. Now, tell me, guys, what will be the range of this, standard scalar? We're talking about the range of the standard scalar.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, if we are going to be… see, after the… after performing the standard scaling of the entire data, if we are going to be calculate a mean, so it will be 0, and the standard deviation of the data is going to be 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, this, basically, it is all about the standard scalar, and this is about the min-max scalar. So here, we are simply compressing our data into the min and max, right? Into the min and max scale… into the min and max range, okay? Using this particular formula.
Sunny Savita: Now, now, the same kind of concept, basically, it has been… they have used for the transformer also. Now, here they have tweaked the formula a little bit, so this is the formula. I think you can see this formula.
Sunny Savita: So, just read out the definition of it, what they are trying to do, okay, and then we'll understand how it is happening.
Sunny Savita: So, layer normalization standardize the feature of each vector to improve training, stability, and the performance.
Sunny Savita: Layer normalizer… layer normalize a vector and scale its sift, sorry, near layer norm, normalize a vector, and scale and sift it using the learnable parameter. So this formula basically, again, it is inspired from the standard scalar only.
Sunny Savita: But it is a little advanced formula. If we're talking about this particular formula, the layer normalization formula.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So it is a little advanced formula.
Sunny Savita: And inside this particular formula, some more parameters have been used. So it is an advanced formula, advanced standard scalar formula, which is specifically they have designed for the transformer, or basically for the advanced architecture.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the formula, guys.
Sunny Savita: layer norm of X, okay? X is a value, so X minus mu divided by
Sunny Savita: Sigma squared plus epsilon, epsilon.
Sunny Savita: It is going to be multiplied with what? This, gamma plus beta.
Sunny Savita: So they have added this two learning parameter over here, this gamma and the beta.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, over here, guys, you can read, the meaning of each and every term. So, let's say this is the term. X is what? Input vector, right? Or input value. Mu means mean of the vector.
Sunny Savita: It's, sigma square means variance.
Sunny Savita: Epsilon means it is a small value to avoid the division by 0.
Sunny Savita: This, gamma is what? It is a learnable scaling parameter, and this beta is what? It is a learnable shift parameter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this is the explanation of the entire formula, and using this particular formula only, they are going to be perform the scaling of the vector.
Sunny Savita: And this is happening after… this is happening after feed-forward network, and even after the… and even after what? Even after the self-attention layer. So guys, tell me, is the initial introduction is clear to all of you? So, this is a basic formula which was being used inside the machine learning.
Sunny Savita: Okay, inside the machine learning and inside the deep learning, but we're talking about the advanced formula. The advanced formula, basically, it is being used inside the transformer. Now, over here, guys, let me give you the quick recap, or the idea, okay, where this formula is being used. So, let's say, here is my word. So, my word is basically…
Sunny Savita: What I can write, guys.
Sunny Savita: So I can write, let's say… Money.
Sunny Savita: Bang. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this is the two-word.
Sunny Savita: Now tell me, guys, what will happen. So this two-word, basically, is going to be converted into the embedding. So here is what? Here is my embedding.
Sunny Savita: Now, after the embedding, guys, the positional encoding will be added over here.
Sunny Savita: This is my position encoding, which is going to be added inside this particular embedding. Now, this particular data, I am passing here, this particular data, basically, I am passing inside the self-attention layer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Self-attention layer.
Sunny Savita: So tell me, guys, actually, we are going to be use the self-attention, single-at self-attention, or we are going to be using multi-at self-attention. So the self-attention, basically, it's going to be a multi-at self-attention.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: multi-head self-attention. Now, after that, guys, what I'll be getting… after that, I'll be getting my vector, okay? So this is going to be what? This is going to be my contextual vector of the money, and this is going to be my contextual vector of the bank.
Sunny Savita: So this is what… this is my contextual vector of the money.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this is my contextual vector of the bank.
Sunny Savita: Now, if I have to show this thing, like, combinedly, so I have shown you like this in the previous architecture, like this, okay? So this is the combined representation of the money and the bank vector. Now, if we're talking about the layer normalization, so it is coming after that only, so here we'll be having one more layer.
Sunny Savita: The layer is called the layer normalization.
Sunny Savita: Layer Normalization.
Sunny Savita: So, inside the neural normalization, what is happening? So, this particular vector, this particular vector is being passed, this particular vector is being passed from this formula. What is the formula, guys? The formula, basically, it's going to be X minus mu divided by
Sunny Savita: Sigma square plus epsiline, epsilon.
Sunny Savita: Multiply with the gamma plus beta.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is what, this is Maya.
Sunny Savita: This is what… this is my learnable parameter. So this is for the scaling.
Sunny Savita: And this is for what? This is for what? This is for the shifting.
Sunny Savita: This is for what? This is for the shifting.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so using this particular formula, what we are doing, we are going to be normalize the vector, and whatever final vector we'll be getting, whatever final vector we'll be getting, we are going to be using that particular vector going forward.
Sunny Savita: And here, you will get one more thing, basically. That's going to be a residual connection. So, yes, the residual connection also would be over here. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? The idea is getting clear. Now, here, we would be having the residual connection also. Now, tell me, guys, where the layer normalization come?
Sunny Savita: Is that… is that part is clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear? Just give me a quick thumbs up so that I can proceed further, and I can explain you the further part of it.
Sunny Savita: If you will say yes, I will proceed. If you will say no, I'll give you the quick revision of it again. Okay?
Sunny Savita: After attention and feed-forward network, yes. After the attention also, this layer would be there, and even after the feed-forward network, this layer would be there. So, for the better understanding, you can go and check.
Sunny Savita: You can go and check this architecture.
Sunny Savita: Look at this one.
Sunny Savita: So, after the multi-tension also, you can see…
Sunny Savita: This thing is there, normalization, and after the feed-forward network also, this layer is there. That is a, normalization, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let's understand, guys, how this thing is being calculated, okay? So, guys, can I take a single vector, and can I show you the complete calculation? Now, just think over here, we are getting this as a contextual embedding, this one.
Sunny Savita: Contextual embedding. Now, what is an epsilon, guys? See, epsilon is nothing, it is a small value.
Sunny Savita: A small value.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, we are going to divide this thing with the sigma square, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, let's suppose if this value is going to be 0,
Sunny Savita: So, we cannot divide anything by 0, 0 inside the mathematics. Now, tell me, guys, if we are going to be divide any value, any value from zero, okay, inside the mathematics, so it's going to be become what? It's going to be become what? Tell me, guys, it's going to be become infinite.
Sunny Savita: And this infinite, basically, we cannot, we cannot do any sort of a calculation using this infinite. So this thing will give us an error.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, it is an error inside the programming. It is an error inside the mathematics. So, what they have done, so they have added this small value, epsil, and it's a very small value, a negligible value, okay, which is not going to be impact much on top of this thing.
Sunny Savita: And this thing you will get at so many places inside the mathematical formula, just to avoid this division by zero error.
Sunny Savita: Just to avoid this, division by 0.
Sunny Savita: Division by zero error.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: I think multi-head self-attention, residual connection is added after that layer normalization, yes. So, if you will look into this now.
Sunny Savita: See, this money, actually, it will be added.
Sunny Savita: Again, to this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So this is the residual connection, RC, residual connection.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, I hope, guys, this thing is clear. Now, let's understand. So, let's say this is a contextual embedding of the one word. This is the contextual embedding of the one word. Let's say this is the contextual embedding of the money.
Sunny Savita: So first, guys, what we'll do, tell me… so we'll compute the mean of it. What was the formula? Can anyone tell me what was the formula? So, the formula, basically, it was the… what was the formula, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: X plus… Mu. Okay, let me show you the formula.
Sunny Savita: X minus mu, sorry, it is not a plus one. So, X minus mu… X minus mu.
Sunny Savita: divided by this value, sigma squared plus epsilon, epsilon, multiply with a gamma plus beta. Now, over here, guys, you can see we are going to be compute the mean.
Sunny Savita: So is the mean correct or not? 0.8 minus 1.2, 2.4. We are going to be divided by 3.
Sunny Savita: And this is going to be my mean. Is it clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no. Now, guys, if you will look into this particular vector, so here, guys, you will see the differences between the value.
Sunny Savita: So, 1.2, then 0.8, then 2.4. Now, tell me, guys, if we are going to be draw this value over the scale, let's say this is a 0,
Sunny Savita: So, somewhere here, there would be 2.4. Somewhere here, there will be minus 1.2. Now, somewhere here, there will be 0.8.
Sunny Savita: So the value scale is very scattered over here. Scattered.
Sunny Savita: The value scale, the value scale is very scattered over here.
Sunny Savita: So we have to be compressed this value, we have to be, like, compress this value in such a way that it should be near to each other.
Sunny Savita: So that we will not face much difficulty while we are doing a calculation. So this is the main aim of the normalizing the value inside the machine learning and in the deep learning.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. So, over here, we are going to be compute a mean. So this is what? This is my mu value, okay? Now, after that, guys, what will happen? So, after that, guys.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be compute the, variance. You know how to compute the variance.
Sunny Savita: So this is my value. We are going to be subtracted with the mean, okay, and we are taking a square of it. So we are, calculating a variance, and this is the variance, basically, we are getting. So this is what, this is our actual value, inside the vector, this one. We are subtracting it with the mean, okay, mu.
Sunny Savita: And we are taking a square of it. Have you learned the variance, standard deviation inside the statistic?
Sunny Savita: So, it's a concept of the statistic. Inside the statistic, basically, we talk about the variance, we talk about the, we talk about the standard deviation. So, this is the very basic concept, this is the very basic concept of the statistic. Now, we just tell the spread of the data, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this standard deviation, variance, actually, we just talk about the central tendency, just talk about the spread of the data, okay? Now, over here, you can see we are going to be compute the variance. Now, what is the next thing, guys? So, over here, you can see we are going to be normalize the value.
Sunny Savita: So, X is my vector, okay, value inside the vector. Now, over here, this is my mean. Okay, we are going to be subject to the mean, and we are going to be divided with a standard deviation.
Sunny Savita: So we are going to be perform C, over here you can see 0.8 minus 0.67. This is the first value, this is the mean, this is the standard deviation. There's the second value, this is the mean, this is the standard deviation. There's a third value, this is the mean, this is the standard deviation.
Sunny Savita: So, we are getting this particular value. Now, over here, you can see this is the… this is my vector after the normalization.
Sunny Savita: This is my vector after the normalization. Can you see, guys, this vector, 0.09 minus 1.27, and minus 1. Sorry, 1.18. Now, over here, if you will see the differences between the values, it's going to be a less. The value is going to be much compressed.
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. The value range is going to be compressed over here. So, compared to this one, basically, compared to this vector, 0.8 minus 1.2, 2.4, where the value basically much is scattered, now over here you can see the value range is going to be a little compressed.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Just let me know in the chat, guys, if you're able to understand it or not.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, just to make, right, over here, guys, over here, guys, just to make it, basically more flexible. So, they have added one more thing inside this particular formula. The formula is basically… is going to be… become like this, X norm.
Sunny Savita: Whatever we have calculated so far, okay, this vector, we are going to be multiplied with this gamma, this is the scaling factor, and this beta.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here, guys, this gamma is nothing, it is a scalable parameter, and this beta is nothing, it is a shifting parameter.
Sunny Savita: And guys, how the value of this gamma and beta is going to be updated? So during the back propagation only, the value of this gamma and beta is going to be update.
Sunny Savita: Have you learned about the backpropagation inside the deep learning? Tell me. So, using the optimizer only, we perform the
Sunny Savita: Using the optimizer only, we perform the adaptation of the weight.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, this is the old value of the gamma and beta.
Sunny Savita: minus learning rate into gradient. Okay, now tell me, guys, which gradient formula it is. It is a very basic gradient formula that is called the gradient descent.
Sunny Savita: Gradient.
Sunny Savita: Descent. Okay, gradient descent. Now, we're talking about the… now we're talking about the transformer, guys, so there we are using some advanced gradient concept, advanced optimizer concept, like Adam Optimizer. Have you heard about the Adam Optimizer? ADAM with W…
Sunny Savita: atom optimizer with weight decay. So, this kind of optimizer, basically, we are going to be used inside the transformer.
Sunny Savita: So, again, this is the concept of the deep learning. So, if you wanted to learn about the optimizer, atom optimizer, Gideon Descent and all, then please check out the prerequisite of the deep learning. You will get that. For the basic understanding, you can check.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, like this, this value is going to be updated. Now, over here, the question comes, what will be the initial value of this gamma and beta?
Sunny Savita: So here, guys, the initial value of the gamma and beta is going to be 111 and 000, okay? So actually, at the first time.
Sunny Savita: the value would be the same. Means, in the first iteration, means the first time, we are passing the value of this gamma and beta, so we'll be passing 111000, okay? And then by the learning, guys, by the learning, during the… during the learning, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let me mention over here, during the learning, this value is going to be adjust.
Sunny Savita: during the learning, guys, this value, actually, it's going to be at just. Now, how this value is going to be at just? This value, actually, it's going to be at just using the optimizer.
Sunny Savita: Okay, during the back propagation.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Okay. Now, over here, what is the uses of it? What is the uses of this particular layer normalization? So, over here, I have written, stabilize the training. So, keeps value in control range. This is the first thing.
Sunny Savita: So it prevent the exploding gradient issue, and prevent the exploding or very large activation, means it prevent the exploding gradient issue with the large value, because of the large value. It improves the gradient flow, okay? Avoid banishing gradient and the exploding gradient problem inside the deep transformer.
Sunny Savita: And it do the faster convergence, okay? So, we will be able to reach to our global minima as soon as if we are going to be using this layer normalization. So, what is the meaning of the layer normalization, guys? Let me explain you, why this term is being used, layer normalization. So, if we are saying layer normalization.
Sunny Savita: You understood what is the meaning of the layer norm… what is the meaning of the normalization. So, normalization is nothing. Normalization means to keep the value in range, okay?
Sunny Savita: or to compress the value. Now, if we're talking about the layer, guys, so this layer is representing all the feature inside the vector, okay?
Sunny Savita: All. The.
Sunny Savita: feature in Vector.
Sunny Savita: or I can say the entire vector. Now, over here, if I'm going to be right like this, let's say, I'm going to be right like this, 5, 6, 8, 9, 1, 2. Now, can anyone tell me what is the dimension of this vector?
Sunny Savita: So, we're talking about the dimension of this vector, it's going to be 1 cross 6. Now, how many features we have inside this particular vector? How many features we have inside this particular vector? We have 6 feature.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we have 6 features. So, we are going to be normalize all the features, we are going to be normalize all the features.
Sunny Savita: And that's why it is called the neon layer normalization, means we are going to be normalize the entire vector in a single go, okay? This entire vector in a single go. That's why it is called the layer normalization. The same definition has been mentioned inside the research paper.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Is it getting killer to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me. Yes or no, how many people are able to understand it?
Sunny Savita: How many people are able to get it?
Sunny Savita: Yes, so guys, you just need to understand this much of, from the layer normalization. I think more than this, it is not required. So what you can do, guys, you can, go through with these notes again, and you can understand the entire calculation and all, everything, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, tell me, guys, are the value of B fixed? No, see, this gamma value and this beta value, no, this value, actually, initially, we will be initialized this vector with this 111 and 000.
Sunny Savita: And during the learning, guys, during the training, this parameter is going to be learned using the optimizer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Using the optimizer, this two vector is going to be learned, this two-vector value is going to be updated, so we will be getting our best and possible vector at the end of the training.
Sunny Savita: At the end of the training, we'll be getting our best possible vector. Getting my point? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay? So if I'm talking about the beta, guys, so let me write one more line of… one more line over here with respect to the beta. I kept inside my…
Sunny Savita: Not bad, see. Beta gives the model the freedom to choose the… where the data should be centered, okay? Now, we're talking about… see, what is a beta, guys? Tell me if we're talking about the beta, here I have written, beta is nothing, it's a shifting parameter. It is a shifting parameter.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It is a shifting parameter.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the normal standard scalar, Normal is standard scalar.
Sunny Savita: So there, how the data is going to be sift.
Sunny Savita: So the data will be centered around the zero.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and the standard deviation of the data is going to be what? The standard deviation of the data is going to be 1.
Sunny Savita: The mean of the data is going to be 0, and the standard deviation is going to be 1. So this is the distribution of the data.
Sunny Savita: But if we are going to be at the shifting parameter, beta, actually, so this will give the model… this will give the model… this will give the freedom to the model to choose where the data is going to be centered, where the data is going to be shift.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: I hope, this thing is clear. Now, tell me, guys, how's the explanation? Did you understand the entire concept of the today's session?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Now tell me, will you revise this entire thing?
Sunny Savita: Will you revise this entire session?
Sunny Savita: So, now your revision is required. If you will revise it, I think, that would be great.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I think we have covered every sort of a concept, every sort of a concept from where, from the…
Sunny Savita: From this encoder side. Okay, now, guys, just more, one more quick overview of the end-to-end, training, and the two more concepts, basically, cross-attention and the, cross-attention and the, basically, mask header, mask, sorry.
Sunny Savita: Multi-head mask attention, okay? So, this is the explanation of the cross attention. I already capped over here, and then we'll understand about the multi-headed.
Sunny Savita: mask cell potential. So what is remaining, guys? Nothing is remaining. I think we have completed all the concept of the encoder.
Sunny Savita: August?
Sunny Savita: So, all the… concept.
Sunny Savita: of encoder is completed.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, we need to understand the end-to-end flow.
Sunny Savita: From where? From the encoder.
Sunny Savita: to decoder.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: From the encoder to decoder.
Sunny Savita: And then, guys, there is two important concepts in the decoder. First is going to be cross-attention.
Sunny Savita: And the second is going to be mask attention.
Sunny Savita: That's it, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is required, and I think it will just take, 1 to 2 hours.
Sunny Savita: I already capped that concept in my, slide itself, okay? So here you can see, guys, I already capped that particular concept, the cross attention, and all everything inside the slide. So, should I start with the cross-attention, guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: We can understand the cross attention.
Sunny Savita: And, then, I think we can complete,
Sunny Savita: We can complete this, transformer.
Sunny Savita: Next class.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, will you revise it?
Sunny Savita: Will you revise this thing, yes or no? Now, one more thing I will provide you. So, I will provide you the code of this transformer. I'll give you as an assignment, so you have to run that code, and you have to check that, okay? So, I'll give you the code of the assign… I'll give you the code of the transformer from scratch.
Sunny Savita: And, just check out with that, and, just take it as an assignment. In the next class, I'll give you that, okay? And then, guys, after this, after this particular thing, we are going to be entered into the actual Gen AI-related stuff.
Sunny Savita: Alright? So there, guys, the fine-tuning RAG agents will be started, and in all the companies, in all the application, basically, you are going to be built an application around to this only. And at the first place, guys, I will introduce the Langchain, I will introduce the hugging Face, I will introduce the…
Sunny Savita: basically Langraph, Okay.
Sunny Savita: We'll understand about the vector databases.
Sunny Savita: We'll understand about the different data parser, we'll understand about the cloud-related services, cloud-related services, Okay.
Sunny Savita: And we'll use the co-pilot for writing a code. At some places, we'll use the Cloud code, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, from now onwards, guys, we are going to be focused on this. So, we have spent one month on the theoretical stuff.
Sunny Savita: to clear our understanding over the… around the transformer and the embedding. So, in every batches, guys, I generally take 5 to… 4 to 5 sessions for the transformer, and the same thing, basically, it happened with your batch also.
Sunny Savita: It is, important in the bigger concept, guys. At every places, you will find out so many sessions, so many, like, scattered knowledge and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: But yeah, I compiled all the knowledge. I cannot say, like, 100%, but yeah, 90-95%, and
Sunny Savita: This is very useful to understand any LLM.
Sunny Savita: And, this is very useful to, answer in an interview. That's it, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now guys, we have spent one month on this, fundamental of the
Sunny Savita: this generative AI. Now, guys, rest 5 months, guys, 5 more months.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be focused on this Langchen, Hugging Face, Langra, vector database, data parser, cloud services, and the different of the framework, like Copilot, Cloud Code, and the concept, like, fine-tuning, RAG, agents, and the LLM ops. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, next 5 months, basically, our focus onto this main Gen AI part. Got it, guys? So, till when this batch is going to be end, so we'll take it for the next 6 months, okay? So, this batch is started from the 15th of March.
Sunny Savita: So the batch, basically, it's going to be end from 15th of September, okay? Here and there, basically. So I will try to conclude it by 15th of September. It is a 6 month of program.
Sunny Savita: So our modernist route, basically, our modern route is a 6-month program. We're talking about our classical route, so it is a 1 year of program, okay?
Sunny Savita: 1 year of program. So, 6 months, basically, it's a tentative.
Sunny Savita: Like, 1, 2, 3, 4, okay? 1 or 2 big could be the additional one, alright? Based on the thing. Or if any more thing is required, I can take some extra classes also, okay? So guys, now, 5 more months, straightforward, we are going to be focused on these particular concept.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay, Purush, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: how many classes left for the coding? Coding, I think it will start from next to next class, maybe after two to three classes, it will be started, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys. So, thank you. Let's, wrap up the session now. I think one more concept is remaining. I don't want to be overload you, so that's why I'm not going to be explained.
Sunny Savita: We have a time, like, okay, so let's, let's complete that in the next class. This concept is remaining, mass self-attention and this cross-attention, okay? Very simple concept, nothing is there. If you are able to understand this, if you are able to understand the self-attention now, within a, like, minute… within a minute only.
Sunny Savita: like, you can understand this self-attention… sorry, mass… sorry, this cross-attention concept. See, I already drawn over here. There is one minute difference between, actually, right?
Sunny Savita: So, will we learn AI system design in this course?
Sunny Savita: Karina.
Sunny Savita: Huh?
Sunny Savita: Google design karne habat ki.
Sunny Savita: Should we design the chat GPT, huh?
Sunny Savita: If you're creating a project, if you're building a project, that means you're designing a system, okay?
Sunny Savita: Don't worry, we'll understand that part, we'll understand on that level, okay?
Sunny Savita: These notes will be helpful if you are going to revise the concept.
Sunny Savita: Bye?
Sunny Savita: Sir, can you share the transformer video that you promised? Yes, I'll share the next class, Abhishek. Okay, let me complete this. I think one, more class will be required.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So I think today was the fifth session of the Transformer.
Sunny Savita: And, how many sessions I took? Let me check once.
Sunny Savita: 1, 2, 3, 4… Okay, 5 sessions, right? 5 to 6 sessions.
Sunny Savita: So, next class, I think we are going to be on this topic.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I'm sharing these notes, this updated notes, so that you can, take a revision out of it.
Sunny Savita: And after that, I'll start the doubt session. So guys, in the last class, I didn't take the doubt session. Actually, I, ended this session, so today I'll take that, okay? Don't worry.
Sunny Savita: What is the date of… Today is 03, right? 03 of May?
Sunny Savita: 2026… And, return.
Sunny Savita: Someone is saying… sorry, speed… I think, guys, speed is good, na?
Sunny Savita: Aww.
Sunny Savita: Base is fine, correct?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Riaj.
Sunny Savita: Most of the class, actually. So, in the Krish Academy, we have divided a batch.
Sunny Savita: Modern route, I generally take the modern routes, okay? From past 2 to 3, I'm taking. Monal and Paul, basically, they cover, they just, they take the… this batches, classical route.
Sunny Savita: RAG, again, it goes to Monol, LLM Ops, it comes to me. Agentic AI, LLM Ops, okay? No code, low code, or Agentic, it goes to the Mayank, actually. So, like this, the batch is divided over here, whatever 4 to 5 batches is going on, right?
Sunny Savita: Can you check my question? Yeah, hurry, I'll check that, just a second. Let me check if the…
Sunny Savita: document is there or not, the neighborhood camp.
Sunny Savita: Actually, it's class 13, huh?
Sunny Savita: Now, here I can create a new folder.
Sunny Savita: Weight metrics is actually is the, random weights, okay? So, whenever we initialize the weights now, so that weight actually is going to be a random weights, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, I push the changes.
Sunny Savita: And you can check out,
Sunny Savita: over the GitHub, guys. Okay, same will be available inside your…
Sunny Savita: resources also. See, here is the one.
Sunny Savita: Yes, we'll be learning how to deploy it.
Sunny Savita: order.
Sunny Savita: Different clouds, okay? Mahesh is saying, can you unmute? Yes, I'll unmute Mahesh, right?
Sunny Savita: So, you are not that much experienced, so teach in this… okay. Don't need memories or formulas? No, no, you don't need to be, like, remember all the formulas and all sitels, okay?
Sunny Savita: sensor from where we can expect AgentKai concept. After the RAG, actually, it will come. Curious to know if you can recover any topics? We'll let you know, okay? In future. It's tentative, Santosh.
Sunny Savita: No, not checked in. I think… okay, great. Any displaced batch on Agent Tech? Agent Tech A batch, will launch in, I think, June will launch, okay?
Sunny Savita: Can you please check? Yeah, Hari, you can ask your question in the doubt session. I will take the live doubt now. Would we complete complete agent take care? Yes, most of the part we'll be covering, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine. So, are you taking example, what example, if you're passing the whole document, then how this… in the same way, actually.
Sunny Savita: Mahesh. Let's say if you have 100W, 200W, in the same way, basically, the calculation will happen.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Everything will go in a single shot, in a metrics form.
Sunny Savita: Right? Every vector, basically, it's going to be stacked to each other, it's going to be stacked over each other, and it will be passed in a parallel fashion, okay? Parallelly, the matrix multiplication operation would be there. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Some notes… yes, I'll share that notes, okay, whatever notes I mentioned in the previous session. Agent AK will be covered over here, so no need to take a… yes, Agent AK will be covered over here.
Sunny Savita: So no need to take any special agency course, yeah, that is also fine, but yeah, whenever we launch any specific course related to the agents, RAG, and all, so there, actually, we are covering a multiple framework.
Sunny Savita: Multiple framework means what?
Sunny Savita: multiple framework, let's say, in this batch, we are going to be cover AutoGen, Langraph, but there, actually, we are going to be cover a different 5 to 6 parallel framework, okay? So, there is a region behind to launch any specific specialization batch, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, yes, I'll be teaching you the latest, Langchain feature only. It's a very easy thing, right? Nothing is there. Someone has created Langchain, we are just using that, so either we are going to use the latest or sub-latest feature, that is fine, right? We can do that.
Sunny Savita: So we should focus more on the theory or working in a gen AI. We should focus on the practical, okay? There should be a balance, actually, but if we're talking about a gen AI, at least we should be aware about the transformer, embedding and all. So that's why I covered those concepts in terms of theory, okay? The rest, 60-70% would be the practical only.
Sunny Savita: So, do we need to join another batch? Don't take that decision right now. First, learn from here, okay, whenever that batch will be launched. If you think that is required for you, for your deeper understanding, for your mastery, you can join. Got it?
Sunny Savita: So, 1000 words, 1000 embedding. Yes, Mahesh, you are right.
Sunny Savita: For future, got it, how much of that is needed for the Gen AI?
Sunny Savita: So, they're coming for the AgentK separately? Yes, AgentK will be launched, I think, in the month of June or July. I'm not sure, but yeah, it will be there.
Sunny Savita: so many calcano, I want to take,
Sunny Savita: Okay, will MCP will be touched? Yes, definitely, MCP would be there, okay? If you will check with the krnayak.ai, you know, see, you will find out the pattern, basically, in which manner we are launching the batches, okay?
Sunny Savita: So just go and check with the krishnaike.ai, and check with the live classes.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, see.
Sunny Savita: This is a no-code, low-code, and this is a full-stack generative AI, only generative AI. This is generative AI with data science, one and a half year of program.
Sunny Savita: Then, rag mastery, only RAG. Agent LLM Ops Mastery, Matlab, only project mastery.
Sunny Savita: And then, Agent AKI Mastery. Matlap, only Agent AKI Mastery, right? So, this is the complete package, which you have joined. This is the complete package, actually, right? Here, you will get everything. Now, RAG batch, only for 3-4 months, 4 to 5 months. LLM Ops Batch, again, 4-5 months.
Sunny Savita: Agent batch, again, 4 to 5 months, right? So in this way, basically, we have categorized the live batches. And here we have append the roadmap also, so in the same way, basically, we have, created this roadmap, okay? Classical route, modern route, modern route with low code, then rag mastery, agentic mastery, and all. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys. So…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I think we can conclude the session now. Thank you very much. I'll see you in the next class.
Sunny Savita: I will start the doubt session after, 5 minutes. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, we're gonna start with the doubt session. If you have any doubt, you can raise your hand.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Jyoti, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, just a second, Jaku, can you speak again?
Jyoti Gupta: Oh, hi, Sunny, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, please go.
Jyoti Gupta: Sir, my question is, not related to today's session, actually. So, basically, I'm a data engineer. So, recently, I got inter… Like, I found the opportunity for a Python project. So, I forwarded my resume to them.
Jyoti Gupta: So, I already got a training on Python, so I knew Python, at least at the intermediate level, but they straight away rejected that you're a data engineer and you don't have much experience in Python.
Jyoti Gupta: So, similar case can happen with the AI also, right? Like, since we are going through Gen AI trainings. So, how should we resolve these kind of… how should we avoid these kind of situations? I mean…
Sunny Savita: what kind of situation, that you know Jenny, I…
Jyoti Gupta: Yeah, I'm…
Sunny Savita: at least people.
Jyoti Gupta: People can interview, rather than straight away rejecting the resume.
Jyoti Gupta: So, how should we avoid this kind of situation? I mean, any guidance can help?
Sunny Savita: You can mention… you can mention some work around the generative AI inside your resume, okay? And you can explain that as your experience.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So, let's say you have a generative AI… sorry, data engineering specific experience. Now, you are learning generative AI, correct?
Jyoti Gupta: So…
Sunny Savita: Now, why you are learning generative AI? So that you can do the generative AI-related work.
Jyoti Gupta: Correct.
Sunny Savita: Right? But…
Jyoti Gupta: Yes, sir.
Sunny Savita: Never get a job based on your learning, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay? You always get a job based on your experience, true or not?
Jyoti Gupta: But it… So…
Sunny Savita: what you will have to do, you will have to mention some experience inside your resume related to the generative AI. So let's say whatever project and all you are doing over here, you can tweak that project according to some real use cases, or the use case is basically whatever you are seeing around to you inside your company and all.
Sunny Savita: Right? But because of the lack of knowledge, you are not able to do that right now. So you can mention those use cases with your project learning and all inside your resume, and you can say, at least I have some experience in this generative AI. So like this, you can compensate this experience. Getting my point?
Jyoti Gupta: Sir, at the end of this particular course, we are going to maybe do one or two projects, so can I mention that project? Will it help?
Sunny Savita: Aha, you can mention those projects, okay?
Jyoti Gupta: Yeah, okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yes. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Oh, JT's done. Guys, give me a minute, okay? I'm getting a call.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, again, we can resume this, doubt session. Thank you, for the waiting. Yes, Shankar, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
Sankar USA: Yeah, hi, Sunny. Thank you for the session. So, like, in this course, will you also cover, the MLOps and those kind of things? Like, how to deploy this.
Sunny Savita: We'll cover the LLM ops, right?
Sankar USA: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sankar USA: Huh.
Sankar USA: Yeah, sure. And… Yeah, I think, that's it.
Sankar USA: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Shankar is done now. Raghu, what's your doubt?
Sunny Savita: Rogo, so…
Raghu P R: Am I already moved?
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Sunny Savita: Yo, please, go ahead.
Raghu P R: I understand that, like, when we multiply embeddings with the weight matrices, we get 2KV values, right?
Raghu P R: So, what actually happens in these weight matrices? I just want to know that one.
Sunny Savita: Weight matrices, actually, are some random numbers. Okay.
Raghu P R: Sounds good.
Sunny Savita: So, see, for understanding this weight matrices and all, you will have to go a little bit, like, behind in the picture.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, let me show you that, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Can you see my screen?
Raghu P R: Nope.
Sunny Savita: Okay, wait, I'm sharing.
Sunny Savita: Little bench…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, now it is visible.
Raghu P R: Yes, it is visible.
Sunny Savita: So, see, this weight concept, from where it comes, actually.
Sunny Savita: Whenever, we start, learning this deep learning, no?
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: There's deep learning.
Sunny Savita: In the deep learning, actually, we have the neural network.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, this neural network, right?
Sunny Savita: This neural network is having a weight concept.
Raghu P R: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Alright? So we're talking about this width metrics. What would be the size of this matrix? 3 cross 2.
Sunny Savita: 3 cross 2 means what?
Sunny Savita: So you could…
Raghu P R: No, you don't speak on them.
Sunny Savita: Oh, 3 rows, 2 columns. Okay. So, yeah, so let's say W1, W2, W3, W4, W5, W6.
Sunny Savita: Right? This is what? This is my weights. Now, how this weights comes? From where these weights… weights are coming.
Sunny Savita: So this… we have several… we have some methods to initialize these weights, actually.
Raghu P R: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Methods like, the first method is called the random method.
Sunny Savita: Of the… what happens inside the random method?
Sunny Savita: Inside the random method, basically, we initialize the random value of the weight. Random value could be anything, any value.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Raghu P R: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, during the training, actually, During the training, this value is going to be adjust.
Sunny Savita: Got it? The second and third, basically, we have some other methods to any slice the weights. Let me show you that. So, if I'm going to be Google in front of you.
Sunny Savita: weight.
Sunny Savita: initialization.
Sunny Savita: methods.
Sunny Savita: In deep learning, okay? So…
Sunny Savita: I can open any block, let's say I'm going to be open this block from the Geeks of Geeks.
Sunny Savita: So, see, zero initialization. See, they are giving some different, different technique for the weight initialization, right? Firstly, zero initialization. We can initialize the weight as a zero also. See, random initialization. I was talking about the random now?
Raghu P R: Yes, excuse me?
Sunny Savita: Random initialization. Then, see, in the random also, we have a category, random normal, random uniform.
Raghu P R: Understood.
Sunny Savita: Then see, the third technique, Xavier-Gulorette initialization. This is also a very famous technique.
Sunny Savita: Inside this, we use some formula to give the range of the weights, to provide the some specific range to the weights, okay? So we initialize the weight using this formula also. Now, see, this is also one more very specific and very important formula. Normalized behavior, glow rate initialization, okay? Then see, he uniform initialization. He normal initialization.
Sunny Savita: So, this, Xavier colorate method, random method, actually, it's a very popular method. Random initialization method is a very popular, popular, popular method in the weight initialization, okay? So, whenever we talk about the deep learning, in deep learning, neural network, convolution neural network, recurrent neural network, LSTM, transformer.
Sunny Savita: So we use this particular technique to initialize the weights. Getting my point?
Raghu P R: Yes, yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, if you wanted to understand this concept in a better way, so again, I'm saying the mathematical roots, actually, the architectural roots, it is directly connected to the basics of the deep learning, okay? So, if you have a time, then in your free time, you can understand those concepts. Got it?
Raghu P R: Okay, got it. Because I got that down, because earlier you were given some formulas, like, W1 is equal to, embedding of AC1 divided by embedding of all the C series, like embedding of AC1, AC2, and AC3. Like, I have made some notes.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, that is not form… that formula is a different one, right? So there, actually, we are getting a weights, the final calculation, S7, S2, that… then we are going to normalize that weight, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, weight metrics is, whatever formulas I told you, right, for initializing the weight, I think those, the, those, I think you have seen now, correct? So, just explore it and understand which is being used inside the, transformer research paper. Got it?
Raghu P R: Okay. Like, huh, and I have another doubt. Basically…
Raghu P R: when we give input embeddings, it will be converted into 512 embeddings, correct, right? Like, 1 into 512 metrics.
Raghu P R: After that, we will multiply it with the weights.
Raghu P R: Basically, that will be 5112 into 64, right?
Raghu P R: So, after that, we will get QKV values of, 1 in, like, 1 cross 64, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, just give me one more session. In the end-to-end flow, actually, I can give you the exact dimension of the research paper, okay? So, with that, actually, you will be, like, able to understand what kind of dimension is being flowed, right? Got it?
Raghu P R: Sunny, I have another one, though, like, please.
Sunny Savita: You know.
Raghu P R: Open that knows multi-it-self attention.
Raghu P R: How can I want to do that?
Raghu P R: Yes, yes, last step here only.
Raghu P R: Scroll down? Huh.
Raghu P R: Theater.
Raghu P R: Oh…
Sunny Savita: Boom.
Raghu P R: First, second, third, fourth step, conceptual embedding of money one, conceptual embedding of bank one.
Raghu P R: After that, you have written that horizontal, that thing, that part, I didn't understand.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Horizontal concatenation, actually. We are getting these metrics.
Sunny Savita: From the head one, we got this. From head 2, we are getting this. So we have concatenated over here, see? This is the first one, this is the second one. That's it.
Raghu P R: Okay, I got this.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Raghu P R: And then you did some multiplication here.
Sunny Savita: This is a weird…
Raghu P R: You do concatenation for all the 8, 8s, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct. For all the 8 heads, actually. In the original research paper, they took the 8 heads, so we'll do the concatenation for all the 8 heads. See, here I've shown you the diagram from the blog now.
Sunny Savita: If you will go and check this blog… Just a sec.
Sunny Savita: Simultaneously, I am showing you from here as well. See, this is the, like, all the 8 heads.
Sunny Savita: Yes. So this is… this is my final, concatenation. We are going to be multiplied with the weight matrix.
Sunny Savita: After that, we are getting this final output.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Raghu P R: Like, to get that exact input, matrix value, we are adjusting your, weights, right?
Sunny Savita: The weight, actually. Correct, correct.
Raghu P R: Yes, okay, it's a hyperparameter value.
Sunny Savita: Correct. This is also a… the size of it, again, it's a hyperparameter, and the value, basically, I think you know how to initialize that. Got it?
Raghu P R: Okay, okay, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Raghu P R: Sunny, like, the prerequisite videos that you have given on ML, DL, and NLP, is that, like, okay to understand all those things, or…
Sunny Savita: Predrequisite video? Yeah, from there you can learn, correct. Recom, yeah.
Raghu P R: Is it enough?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, is it enough, right? It is enough.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Raghu P R: Thank you, thank you so much, Sunny, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next doubt is, Krishna, what's your doubt?
Sunny Savita: Guys, please raise the hand if you have any doubt, okay? Instead of writing in a community chat, raise the hand.
Krishna, Bala: Yeah, hi, Sunny. Can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can hear you, Krishna.
Krishna, Bala: Yeah, my, my job, is regarding the weight matter, actually. So, at the end, you just showed us, right? It was explained to someone, W, all the hits is coming to one picture, and, getting…
Krishna, Bala: into with that weight matrix. So that, I was not getting, like.
Krishna, Bala: the size of the weight matrix, who will decide, and when we will decide. That, I'm not able to, you know, follow you, actually.
Sunny Savita: Actually, that size is… actually, it is being decided based on the size of the vector. Okay, the go, sir. You will have to be understanding that part. It is not very difficult. What I'm saying. See, the dimension and on, and dimension and all, it is not fixed always, okay?
Sunny Savita: So… let's see…
Krishna, Bala: It just showed us that, like, multi-hit attention may, like, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, just a second, let me tell you.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the word, let's say, here is my words. How?
Sunny Savita: R. U.
Sunny Savita: If I'm giving this word to the word-to-back model.
Sunny Savita: What could be the dimension of that? Tell me.
Krishna, Bala: Yeah, it depends on the two-week model dimension.
Sunny Savita: Correct! It depends on the word-to-back model, that's what I'm saying, sir, right? So let's say, in my example, I took the dimension of 3, just to explain you the thing.
Sunny Savita: Right? And I took two words over here, how are?
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Krishna, Bala: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: So from these words, if I'm taking set of one head attention, set of one.
Sunny Savita: One head, right?
Sunny Savita: So what will be my final contextual vector? This will be my final contextual vector, agree or not.
Krishna, Bala: Agree, yeah.
Sunny Savita: From second head, from second head.
Sunny Savita: set of add. This is my final contextual vector.
Sunny Savita: Good, this one.
Sunny Savita: Hmm? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Api iska concatenation karoo, kise karoo concatenation. Horizontal concatenation karos ka.
Krishna, Bala: Okay.
Sunny Savita: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Krishna, Bala: Yeah.
Krishna, Bala: 2x5.
Sunny Savita: basis per miracle weight metrics initialize karne.
Sunny Savita: You know, actually?
Sunny Savita: ki jagay hai, T-slip.
Sunny Savita: Take it. What would be the size of it? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Abhiska final Jumirapas bana aiska saiska auga.
Sunny Savita: Iska size ogeh 60. Work anywhere. 60.
Sunny Savita: aapko bulla tha, metrics multiple.
Krishna, Bala: Immunity and entropy.
Sunny Savita: I added.
Krishna, Bala: It'll be…
Sunny Savita: same chaye.
Sunny Savita: Hannah, at the 60 cross, kitne ka benau, mehapata, 60 cross.
Sunny Savita: So, your weight matrix ka size, hamisar depend karega iswale horizontal ke size ka.
Sunny Savita: multiplication ke baat, ye same dimension ka vector millage joking surume ini size kyata meinah. Identical rena chai throughout the process. Allah mira surum me agar 30 dimension ka vector ta, tohi multiplication ke path bhi mujah 30 dimension ka hai vector ana churi.
Sunny Savita: Toh ye ek dynamic parameters, dynamic value here.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Krishna, Bala: But in the programming, so, like, you know, like, yesterday, yesterday and I was seeing, you know, transformer, the code, actually, in some other GitHub. So, I got to what exactly you're trying to say, and everything, I was visualized myself when I was reading that, actually. So…
Krishna, Bala: there, in the normalization and this, you know, matrix multiplication, I was just getting, like… so QKV value will be random, will be depending on the algorithm, what it decided, but the weight matters, I was just, you know, confusing, actually, so I got now. So, thank you so much, then.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Krishna, Bala: I don't think.
vivekkumar: Hey, hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Krishna is done. Yeah, be back.
vivekkumar: Sunny, I have a few questions, related to that multi-head self-attention. So, when you are explaining that multi-head, like, so you are getting that final, that, that, contextual, embedding, correct?
vivekkumar: So, in the single head and multi-head, like, while doing the single head, you are, like, dividing by the, like, root KD, and your.
Sunny Savita: No, no, see, sir, see, sir. For that, actually, again, you will have to understand the fundamental concept of the deep learning.
Ruchi S: I mean, that's.
Sunny Savita: Right? Okay, ako samjyata ho, apne artificial neural network para hai.
Sunny Savita: Like, artificial neural network mein kyah hotay.
Sunny Savita: EMERA input layer.
Sunny Savita: Tika?
Sunny Savita: hidden layer hai.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Or yemera ka hai, output layer, let's say. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Abi bata aap is Swalil architecture mein kitti hedal layer.
vivekkumar: Single.
Sunny Savita: Single, huh? Ticker?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, bunaya.
Sunny Savita: Isma mein.
Sunny Savita: Let's amazing.
Sunny Savita: Ticket?
Sunny Savita: or EM era, final output. Abi bat aisme kita liar, jabata ya.
vivekkumar: Do.
Sunny Savita: mehera output.
Sunny Savita: reason kyahi banana peche, y hiddenel layer, mira raknege pichaya aapka.
Sunny Savita: ye rakne ka reason hai, ki mein jadas yada deep type ker paun jogi mein input pass kar round, ya.
vivekkumar: Credit.
Sunny Savita: Toh ye, same concept, attention pebhi lagu hotayan.
Sunny Savita: Apnekiya, egg set of metrics, Lydia.
Sunny Savita: Endo?
Sunny Savita: Ek set of metrics tell ya, QK Vika. Aapne kayaar ek mein essa kartow, me apna vector ko ekset se multiply kru. Meh se kartow no, mein multiple set litho set lilitham ye.
Sunny Savita: multiple set lily, ab jobhi merepas inka output aay ga amen ko jodh ke, aapna final conclusion batau. Bata mege karound collective response collect karam, bata collective response collect karam. Ab sumjay keni. Math lab, ja se mere pass ek class hai, jais mein 30 student hai.
Sunny Savita: done bola.
Sunny Savita: Toh, abhi mere past key collective response hai, mein decide kar sakta aung ke class nahi unachie. Toh yaha peyam kia karah, je multiple hidden layer naga ke… context mein deep dive kar rahin, actually.
Sunny Savita: Samjay, toh, multi-year attention lia hame kule lia, jise ham us context ma' us sentence po, deep dive karse. Mala uska, deeper context, multiple perspective nikal sa ka, yae mathematical vehe, actually, mein.
Ruchi S: But x.
Sunny Savita: normal baat karte hain, us language ke communication se ha, serious standards kamat love, based on our intelligence, human intelligence. But how this system will understand, so this is the way
Sunny Savita: to, like, give the context to the more perspective, the context to the system, actually. Getting my point?
vivekkumar: multi-head or single head, but mira question, something different. Ki, finally, johom log normalization kilai jahe hain, multi-head.
Sunny Savita: Whoops.
vivekkumar: No, no.
Sunny Savita: i values nahi uti hain.
Sunny Savita: self-attention mein bhi meene ya kartia. DK se kartia, auskiba soft meks lahat ya.
vivekkumar: Correct.
Sunny Savita: normalization se pass kar round.
Sunny Savita: So, ko, real time, SE values nahi hoti hain.
Sunny Savita: wo, values actually billions and trillions mein authi ho parameter. Jab chat GPT or claud ja sa level ke model banai jaate hain.
vivekkumar: Ton.
Sunny Savita: Faha pe actually mein, hum ko several layer of mobilization or scaling ka requirement hotay. Toho researcher ne find ki aya ho, kisina kisi experiment pai kiseine ki value pay ki auar hone hai. Ki yah peb birone yechi lagaya attention mein, uske baad bhi school home liais kios value ko.
Sunny Savita: Toh wo some real-time experimental-based utte hain.
Sunny Savita: Ap agar is experiment se normalization ka layer atabi doke, aurap calculate karog ye aapne chute se transformer architecture hai, aapko pata ini chalega, wo chich. Aap deki ni powder wo practical karke kusho jaoge, or aapkut bia jayiga aapka.
Sunny Savita: main accuracy level pajahoga jaan peopko eks single 0.1 accuracy gatne bande sebi kapi Farak parta hai, aapkoapna paper patent karana hai, aapko
Sunny Savita: Google Jasi company research matlab successful banana hai joking world mein.
Sunny Savita: like, WorldCo Impact career research paper, right? Toh aap SC chijo pe dihan deti hain.
Sunny Savita: Some jobs.
vivekkumar: Right?
Sunny Savita: So it is all part of the experiment, actually.
vivekkumar: wo multi-head or single head, totally different. Singlehead just are, like, a theoretical thing, which is just giving us, like, some, like, normalized value, correct? Just for, like, experiment.
Sunny Savita: Multi-B, no? Multiered bhi toh me ye back to meltra, 3 by 3K.
vivekkumar: Joki madlav ke real world mein use hota.
Sunny Savita: Ha, real world mo, multi-head multiple head use karte hain. Asa.
vivekkumar: Okay, okay, got it.
vivekkumar: Next question…
vivekkumar: purposei hai LLM ka, yaphir matlab ki jo hum aapne bhata hai madlavki ek question ka multiple answered deha.
Sunny Savita: multiple answer, then deep context ko decode karna. Agar, let's say, hum esa input dirai naape kapi bada input hai, ek input mein maripas soh dosu paanso hajar tokan hai, toh uskap deeper context nikala, actually.
vivekkumar: So, iska equates, multi-head.
Sunny Savita: Accuracy BN, sir, agar bada context denge galat output dega hallucinate karai model, toher kyamat lap ka model.
vivekkumar: do no purposeios al quarta.
vivekkumar: the multiple context.
Sunny Savita: Correct.
vivekkumar: Okay.
vivekkumar: Okay,
vivekkumar: Apne ye kiata layer normalization hai, apne ika value liyata jo aapne boh ki like C, contextual embedding hai. Usme apnek value minus milia hai. Toh, as a possible hai ki contextual embedding jo hai, wo minus aho sekta hai.
Sunny Savita: I think it was Samjanik lilya Hogamana, yeah, minus 1.2.
vivekkumar: But actual calculator.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, context.
vivekkumar: embedding some calculate karte, aura.
Sunny Savita: agar wait mein koi value initialize hora hai minus mein tu asaktayaan peh bhi. Esa niya ki nahi asakta hai. Let's say aap word to bag sa embed kar embedding kar agar wahap, koi bhi weight, matlab initialize hua negative mein je semin bola na, different, different weight ki method.
vivekkumar: Pikinsky Olga?
vivekkumar: negative letter.
Sunny Savita: embedding metric, embedding vector panaya. Toh calculation ke through asaktaya, hai, ha? Possible hostak taya.
vivekkumar: Generally, humluk jo, we wait madlock ki define karaju leh, kind of a probability layer. Ki uska kia malakki, madlockki jo, madlav ki…
vivekkumar: God. Me neither.
Sunny Savita: low probability is a 1, W2, W3, our software.
vivekkumar: output expect kar hain. Toh wo output input se kithna correlation hai, matla ki kithna related hai. Wait kam batlah wo yuna ki madlock ki ham lok output ko find out kanya kauses kar hain. Matlak ki uska.
Sunny Savita: 0.81 minus 2, yeah, to contextual embedding hai.
vivekkumar: Correct. Jo final contextual embedding jo nikal virus, random betsi nikal rehe na.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
vivekkumar: Toh, agar, minus hum layer, hain, to minus kya significance, waki madhlag que jo hum dok input layer hain, wo, nowhere related to output.
Sunny Savita: weight initialization kar rahena.
Sunny Savita: Right? To usme minus usakta hai, ya fir embedding john banara hai na, vector jo word backse usmeh bi osaka hai. Aap essa ano, you to serve mein example kiliya, isk parapneh site se check ho saktai kini ho sakta, okay? Even I will check, and I'll let you know, okay? This one.
vivekkumar: Okay, conduct.
vivekkumar: Lastly.
Sunny Savita: Mere perspective seh hosta ho.
vivekkumar: wo purpose mere ye hai ki…
Sunny Savita: Random weight may be minus mein beta sakta hai. Aap check karuna meinibh batay thick glorate JVR value method, usmein ho sakhta hai. Min-max range mein rak saktans meh bhi, minus mein weight.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
vivekkumar: I'll check that. Okay. Kahan padhiy joga.
Sunny Savita: model policy logo na banai wa hai.
vivekkumar: Is that it?
Sunny Savita: architecture ke basis pay wo model banai gah hai. Yeham directly use nahi karneh vale kehi bh.
vivekkumar: Okay, okay. He was understanding, Kelly, it was background…
Sunny Savita: Instead of code understanding, Kilih.
vivekkumar: But here, nowhere using the real project, correct? Right. Directly.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
vivekkumar: Okay, fine, thank you.
Ruchi S: Yeah, hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: I think. Just a second. Yeah, Ruchi, please go ahead.
Ruchi S: So with this weight metrics, I just want to know, like, I understand it's the randomized metrics, and say in this particular example, where we took a 6 across 3 metrics.
Ruchi S: And the initial goal is to basically get to the 2 cross 3 metrics, which was the initial embedding, or the vector, that we started with.
Ruchi S: So, like, the column number would always be fixed, right, from the one that we are starting to the… to this randomized weight one. So, only the random, like.
Ruchi S: if I just talk about the row count, that could be different, but the column count would stay always the same, right? Because we are matching with the thing that we started with.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes. That is right. Whatever number of column would be there, the number of features would be there in the embedding, which we're generating from the Word2Bag model.
Sunny Savita: It would be same, actually.
Ruchi S: Okay, and this, basically, this weight, hyperparameter, weight, this one.
Ruchi S: Do we have to, like, actually use it in our, codes and models? No, right?
Sunny Savita: Actually, you're using on?
Ruchi S: Like, when we are, like, coding practically, when we are using this… Yes, yes, in practically.
Sunny Savita: also, it would be there. Even I can show you, okay? I'll share that, okay?
Ruchi S: Okay. The other doubt is with the beta, which is the shift parameter, I think.
Ruchi S: So, my question is, when you said that, you know, right now, if we take a, like, normalized standard deviation scalar, and everything will be around 0, because… and then the mean would be 0, and, like, the values would be from minus 1 to plus 1,
Ruchi S: So, if we are putting a beta, Where…
Ruchi S: centering the entire data, so the mu is gonna be the same as the center, right? Like, the mean wouldn't shift. Like, I mean, the mean would be whatever the… how much the beta has shifted. Say, if it is 0 plus beta.
Sunny Savita: Yes, actually, initially, it is a zero-centric, right? But if you don't want to keep it zero-centric, we want to be a little bit shift from zero. So, then…
Sunny Savita: be, like, the set, the value of this beta. Actually, it will be set automatically in the algorithm, whenever it will learn, that parameter will be set automatically, okay?
Ruchi S: Okay, okay. Yeah, I think those are all my doubts, but just, like, you know, I can get something on the slate metrics, how we'll apply it in the codes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you… it is clear now, right?
Ruchi S: So… Yeah, kind of.
Sunny Savita: fault.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay, just revise it, if any doubt is there, let me know, okay?
Mohankumar S K: Hi, Sunny. Hi, Sunny.
Shobhan Gupta: Does, does…
Sunny Savita: Just a second, Richest.
Sunny Savita: Let me call the name. Yeah, Mohamed, please go ahead.
Mohankumar S K: Mohan, right?
Sunny Savita: Muhammad, I can see one person is there, then… Shoban, Mohan…
Shobhan Gupta: Yeah, hi, Chauvin.
Mohankumar S K: More 100 share.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Shobun, and then Mohan. Yeah, Shoban.
Shobhan Gupta: Sunny, like, I recently joined this program.
Shobhan Gupta: two, two classes I have seen. I have around 10 years of experience, and I mainly… I work in the DevSecOps, DevOps ner team, I work.
Shobhan Gupta: also, I'm working in the DevOps team, so can you please suggest, like.
Shobhan Gupta: this course, how much would be, like, helpful for me? Like, actually, Agentic AI is good. Like, AIOps, is something that, which, is needed for the DevOps person. So, like, can I, get some good, like, good, knowledge in AIOps in this course, or,
Shobhan Gupta: Like, you'd please suggest?
Shobhan Gupta: I have seen your curriculum, so, but.
Sunny Savita: What is your end goal?
Shobhan Gupta: My end goal is that I wanted, to go towards the AIOps.
Sunny Savita: Sorry?
Shobhan Gupta: My goal is that I wanted to go towards the AIOps.
Sunny Savita: Okay, AIOps, see? Yeah. Basically. So, after learning this course, if you wanted to be, like, shift as an AI engineer, right, generative AI engineer, you can.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, AIOps-wise, basically, what is a, like, purpose of that, ops guy, right? Aiops means you are going to be… create AI-related project, and you're going to be deployed that. So, as a DevOps engineer, still you can do that.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Right? So let's say any project is being created using the AI-related stuff, using the AI-related tech set, right? Then, still, you can deploy that if you have a basic DevOps knowledge. That is not a big deal.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you wanted to set up the infra and all for the AI-related model, AI-related training, so that's a, like, little different kind of job.
Shobhan Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So…
Sunny Savita: what you can do, you can learn the AI-specific services, cloud services. You can build some small POCs and MVPs from your end itself, and you can try to deploy that with your DevOps knowledge. That's the first thing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, the first step, like, first step, towards this AI ops role. Getting my point? Means where you're going to be mainly handle the ops side.
Sunny Savita: Now, the second site, basically, you are going to be fully converted to the GenAI developer. Instead of the cloud part, instead of the server info management and all, you are going to be code, okay, instead of the developer, in place of developer.
Sunny Savita: So for that, basically, you will have to be understand the complete rack system, agentic system, okay? You will have to be understand the complete application level, like how the business problem is being solved using the AI and all.
Sunny Savita: Getting my.
Shobhan Gupta: So, in my previous project life, we have used the Kubernetes and all to deploy the AIML applications, so that all things, I have worked in that.
Shobhan Gupta: But I was just thinking, like, whether I am in my same track, or, like, my track has been changed some, like, because, like, upgradation needed, so I was just thinking about that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so in that case, what you can do, you can understand the use of the AI tool. See, there is two pers… there is two things.
Sunny Savita: The first, basically, who is developing an AI, who is creating an AI-related project for the enterprises and all. The second person, basically, who is still inside their role, okay, who… the person who is still in their role, but that person using the AI, okay? So, what you can do, you could be the DevOps engineer only.
Sunny Savita: But you can deploy some AI-related project, you can understand how to use the AI for your major productivity, the max-to-max productivity.
Sunny Savita: So you can understand the use of the cloud, how it is being used inside the GitHub Action Pipeline, inside the CICD pipeline, how the agentic framework is helping us to create an automatic infrastructure over the cloud. What all cloud services is being provided by the Azure AWS, specifically for the Gen AI.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. So you can understand the AI tool uses, you can understand, like, how this thing is being used inside your cloud-related work, okay? And you can understand how, basically, I can deploy the AI-related project, okay, in an efficient manner, and how I can create an AI-related infrastructure for the LLM training. Getting my point?
Shobhan Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Shobhan Gupta: So, means this course will be helpful for me in the future.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this will be helpful, basically. Here you will get the end-to-end understanding, okay?
Shobhan Gupta: Sure, sir. Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Shobhan Gupta: And some more things, is any courses there, related to, AIOps, in, like, Fish Meyer Academy?
Sunny Savita: Aiops… not AI Ops, actually. I launched one LLM Ops course, I think, a couple of months ago. That is completed now. You can check, it is listed over the website. Check out their project syllabus and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: If it is, like, meeting your expectation, then you can purchase, or you can take some AI subscription, or something like that, okay?
Shobhan Gupta: Okay, sure, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: AI Pro subscription.
Shobhan Gupta: I feel good.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, hi, Cindy.
Utkarsh Pagare: I…
Sunny Savita: Just, just, just a second, guys. Yeah, Mohan, please go ahead.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, yes. So, regarding this transformer architecture, one doubt.
Mohankumar S K: So, we are passing the input, we are just, whatever the input is coming, we are just splitting it into tokens, and we are passing it to input embedding model, which is similar to, word-to-web, but, outputs are 52-dimensional, vector, right?
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Mohankumar S K: So, this input embedding model, we have mentioned that we are not using a pre-trained model like a Word2VIC.
Sunny Savita: Oh, this year.
Mohankumar S K: This will be, initially, it would be, these weights of the neural network model will be randomly initialized, right? This input…
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes.
Mohankumar S K: And along with the training of the silver tension feed for Arundal, the weights of these things are also updated during training process, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct.
Mohankumar S K: so that…
Sunny Savita: embedding model, not that embedding model, only self-attention model. That word-to-back model weight will not be updated, okay?
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, that's what my doubt is, like, because initially it would be random, right? So we are… so the…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, let it be random, okay? That way it will not be updated, because it is not part of the code transformer architecture. It is a part of the pre-processing layer, okay?
Mohankumar S K: Oh.
Mohankumar S K: So, this input embedding, so just for, as the initial step, just we want to convert the word to an embedding thing, so that's why we are having some random initial values.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Mohankumar S K: not considering for training. The training will be only for the self-attention, feed-forward, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, right.
Mohankumar S K: So I thought this, input embeddings will also be part of a training, trainable things, parameters.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, it is not.
Mohankumar S K: Okay, but, in the Netta, you can see that, the… it is mentioned that the input embedding component is also a learnable parameter, so that's why I got confused.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, it will not be learned. I don't think it is. Just show me where you learn it, share the screen and show me.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, sure.
Mohankumar S K: Just a minute.
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: your next route, yeah.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, yeah, I will show you.
Sunny Savita: You can, join as a panelist and show me.
Mohankumar S K: Yo, okay.
Utkarsh Pagare: Sunny, in the meantime, can I ask doubts?
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, okay.
Utkarsh Pagare: Yeah, sure.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, let me share my screen.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, can you share my screen? I mean, can you be able to see my screen, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can see.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, yeah, I see. In transform architectures, the input embedding component has a learnable parameter.
Mohankumar S K: Pretty saying, the input embedding component also considers the learnable parameters.
Sunny Savita: No, I don't think so, because in paper, they haven't mentioned that.
Mohankumar S K: But Google is mentioning like this.
Mohankumar S K: I also…
Sunny Savita: see, this input embedding model, I don't know from where it is saying that. Lookup table, the input embedding essentially is a large matrix.
Sunny Savita: Where… Unique token from the vocabulary, insulated training.
Sunny Savita: These parallel initial slides are random.
Sunny Savita: actually see what it is telling. Maybe it is telling with respect to some embedding, sorry, with respect to some, like, specific model. Okay. Right, just a GPT card, tokenization analog oga, or to scale…
Mohankumar S K: He's explaining English.
Sunny Savita: The logo go.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, let's say we're talking about the GPT model, so the GPT model tokenization, like the different model, right?
Sunny Savita: But the different, Mistel or Llama is having the different, different tokenizer, actually, right? So maybe it is saying with respect to that, even, see, if you will check with the original research paper of the transformer now, first of all, you will find out that what to…
Sunny Savita: they will say, like, they haven't used the word-to-back model. They just have used the D-dimension. D-dimension from the lookup, actually, this, neural network lookup, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, here, see, if they're talking about the embedding weights, actually, right? At some places, you will be find out that this is not trainable in some specific model. A specific model like, as I told you, GPT, Mistral, Llama, the model, they have their own
Sunny Savita: tokenizer, the trained tokenizer, actually, right? So from the token, the, from the token, the tokens is being created. From the tokenizer, the token is being created. It's going inside that lookup, okay? And the lookup bait, basically, they might be trainable. So let me check, why it is saying like this.
Sunny Savita: I'll investigate a few more research paper, and I'll let you know, okay?
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, sure. I also searched another thing, so, same thing, what are all the components I've learned about? It is also.
Sunny Savita: Don't worry, I can check that, okay? But yeah, again, this is a part of the pre-processing, actually, right?
Mohankumar S K: Okay, Sunny, please, check and let me know by next week.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I'll check.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, and one more doubt is, Sunny. So, regarding this, positional encoding, I can understand it mathematically. Mathematically, this, sine, cosine formula, these things I can.
Sunny Savita: I'm gonna…
Mohankumar S K: But my doubt is, like, how adding this self, I mean, positional encoding, helps the model to understand that this is the first sequence, this is the second token, like that.
Mohankumar S K: So that's right.
Sunny Savita: Number will be added, no? Inside the vector, the addition operation will be happened. I told you.
Mohankumar S K: the addition… so the initial weights is also something random, so these numbers also, it will, it will… it will also be a numerical representation only, right? Oh, numerical…
Sunny Savita: The value will be added, actually.
Mohankumar S K: that, like, it is not, like, the numerical value are also, like, 0.95, 0.58, like, that's the sine quotient, like, that it is adding. So I'm not able to get, like, how adding this thing is enabled to, get the position.
Sunny Savita: Because it is in a sequence, no? That sequence sign curve, right? I told you, right, it's a sequential value. So the sequential value will be added inside that vector.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Mohankumar S K: Sequential value API.
Sunny Savita: And because of that only, it will contain the sequence, actually.
Mohankumar S K: I'm still not able to get it.
Sunny Savita: Alright, sir, see, you are thinking in a different way. See, just think with a small example. Let me tell you…
Sunny Savita: Let's say… see, what you're getting, you're getting the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Mohankumar S K: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Can you see my screen? Yeah. Or just take a smaller embed, a smaller value only.
Sunny Savita: This is 2 embedding, or 3 embedding, right?
Mohankumar S K: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, you passed this… how… or U.
Sunny Savita: So this is your how.
Sunny Savita: R.
Sunny Savita: Ew.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now this, all the thing will be passed as a single matrix.
Sunny Savita: Listen.
Sunny Savita: Okay, there will be a metrics operation, something, something like this. Now, how it will sustain the sequence of that?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So, for that, we'll be adding the… One more vector over here.
Sunny Savita: with that.
Sunny Savita: That's it, this is my vector, which I'm going to be at.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, see, this is my…
Sunny Savita: embedding. Let's say, what is my embedding over here? 0.1, 0.2?
Sunny Savita: 0.3, 0.6.
Sunny Savita: 0.7, 0.3. This is my embedding, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, what I'll be adding, I'll be adding the value, right? So this value, basically, it is coming from this graph.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: It's coming from where?
Sunny Savita: It is coming from this graph.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: No, see.
Sunny Savita: This is a position zero.
Sunny Savita: This is the position 1, this is the position 2.
Sunny Savita: Right? So what is a position 1 value? Let's say this value. This value, okay? Position 1. Then there's a position 1… sorry, position 1 value, this one. This is a position 2 value, and this is a position 3 value. It is in a sequence, this one.
Sunny Savita: It is in a sequence.
Sunny Savita: This one, because of this graph, it is in a sequence.
Sunny Savita: Right? So let's say this value is something like this, 0.2, 0.4, then 0.5, 0.8, 0.9, 0. Something like that, 0.1.
Sunny Savita: So this value, this particular value, will be added.
Sunny Savita: based on this sequence, okay? And whatever final vector we'll be getting.
Sunny Savita: Whatever final vector we'll be getting after adding this value. So there will be some increment, no? Some sequential increment inside this vector.
Sunny Savita: some sequential increment inside this vector, and that information will be sustained. Yeah, everything is mathematically, sir, right? Mathematically means… see, what I… what… how I can explain, let's say,
Sunny Savita: right now, you are there, right? Let's say, your name is Mohan, right? You are Mohan. My name is Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: there is your age, right? Here is my age. Let's say my age is 30. Your age is what? Let's say 32.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: If I will say, okay, let's add something. Let's say, if I'm going to be add some value in your age, how much? Let's say, 5, okay?
Sunny Savita: 5-5. Now, here I'm getting 35, here you're getting 37. You are still ahead than me.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, let's say what I'm doing, guys… what I'm doing… so this 55. 55 was a constant. Now I'm adding a value based on this one, this particular sequence.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's say you are lying over… I'm lying over here, 30. You are lying over here, 32, right? If I will… if I will add some value over here, let's say my value is 0.5. Now here, with 32, you are coming at this position, so let's say your value is 0.7, right?
Sunny Savita: So, some increment inside your age, right? Some increment inside my age. Now, based on what? Based on the sequential function.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I have shown you with one function, but here, basically, it would be based on two functions. Cost also would be there, getting my point, right? So here is my… in the sequential increment, or the sequential vector would be added. Now, this value could be random, I understand that, but yeah, mathematically, it is being sustained.
Sunny Savita: Even we don't know, it is a black box, it is happening in backend, but yeah.
Sunny Savita: the sequential increment, it is able to, like, sustain the sequence, and it's being processed by the self-attention, okay? Just think in this way, got it?
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, okay, Sunny, just one final note. So, this is to general. So, this course, we are, by this month, we are completing the fine-tuning, and by next month, we are completing RAT, and the next month, we are completing AI agents, right?
Sunny Savita: These are tentative, sir. I cannot give you the fixed month, fixed date, but yeah, we are going in this sequence only.
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, because of my situation, I want to complete learning this RAG and agents by one month.
Mohankumar S K: Right. So…
Sunny Savita: So we have given you the previous batch access also, no? From there, you can complete meanwhile, okay? And so this, basically batch would be kind of, revision for you, okay?
Mohankumar S K: Okay, so if I take that thing, I will not miss out much, right, compared to this course.
Sunny Savita: Sorry?
Mohankumar S K: Like, if I learn the RAG and agent EKI via there, I won't miss out on much information, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes. You will not miss, just learn it from there, and whenever it is coming inside this patch, just revise those concepts, got it?
Mohankumar S K: Yeah, okay. Thank you, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: No, thank you.
Sushanta Saha: Nope.
Utkarsh Pagare: Hi, Sunny. Utkarsh here, can I go ahead?
Utkarsh Pagare: Good.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, just a second, Utkarsh.
Aslam Husain: Go on.
Sunny Savita: Guys, whoever has asked your doubt, right, please, like, lower the hand, okay? Because I get confused sometimes.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Utras, please go ahead.
Utkarsh Pagare: Thanks, Sunny. Sunny, like, just, trying to outs the doubt from, from the understanding perspective, maybe understanding, snee kini. So you say GPT Llama and all, you have both 2 billion parameters, 1 billion parameters. These are the parameters which you talked about.
Utkarsh Pagare: In this… in this session, right? E-encoder part ka have SCH decoder part may be similar parameters mga, and in support total karke, they tell us that, it has…
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct. Right.
Utkarsh Pagare: And, embedding wallop, you will tell us in future whether you're embedding a parameters for tankini. You may actually second question, but the last guy already asked this. Then, second question is, once…
Utkarsh Pagare: When the LLM is completely trained, ye parameters fixed hojatne, correct?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes. After the training, it is getting fixed. Those weight is getting fixed.
Utkarsh Pagare: Okay, so these weights are then constant, if char billion, tin billion parameters will be constant, metrics mein honge, and then ooz basis, metrics may calculate hookah k, and then we'll get down.
Sunny Savita: Right, right.
Utkarsh Pagare: Got it. And then, third part is related to training. So, target bhi detonke would target word by word det raik sentences. Suppose, apnek paragraph diya, us paragraph multiple sentences hai.
Utkarsh Pagare: Then, when you train it, so up a target within TJO mira LLM generate karke deer, whether it is matching with the target or not, my size was wrong.
Sunny Savita: paralleli hum kartehtein training.
Sunny Savita: Supervised data hai, X and Y, paralleli de training kar sakte hai, mass self-attention, voice e karta, actually LLM ko, right? Piction karte ha sequentially OT ha. Math lab board check karta hai, next one word generate kartne se palli check karta hai, probability of that word, ketna probability of bant kuad ka, Janet karne ka.
Sunny Savita: Based on the previous context, or what genre taught. Toh matlab, to my question kaanser hoga, or training huti parallelly, or prediction huti, sequentially, okay?
Utkarsh Pagare: No, no, like, hijay, aapne prediction jo ki hai, wo prediction seh haki nahi, wo tabi toho loss function nikkleiraf…
Sunny Savita: galat that.
Sunny Savita: Prediction mein aapko pata nicholega, ke ka, ho aapko Janet karke jega. Right. Us se kuch pucho, saibi de sei galat bhi boh sakta hai, right?
Utkarsh Pagare: Sorry, sorry, sorry for interrupting, Sunny. Maybe chat Galat Boldia, predictions related. When you train.
Utkarsh Pagare: target Y is a sentence or is a word.
Sunny Savita: wo sentence yota hai, lekin word by wordy prediction karta. Matlav samjani, ko, wo alag type se data, hum prepare karte hain. Kesse data prepare karte hain, jabyam chat GPT wahraki GPT model ki baat karte habap auto-regressive training hot ya ko kese.
Sunny Savita: My… Name… is… Sunny.
Sunny Savita: And… Aye?
Sunny Savita: Teach…
Sunny Savita: AI. Tekke. Obi iska data kaise prepare oga, aps data peg kase training ka, okay? Supervised training hogi mata X oka, bioga.
Sunny Savita: Apale aapay aam kuch contextlin decide karte, right? Jase mainay, teen context, thin token decide karh yaha padh kum may…
Sunny Savita: Name is. Apsany mira, next word ojayaga jo me predict karna. Uske baak serum next token link, yaan se ko. Name…
Sunny Savita: Is?
Sunny Savita: Sunny.
Sunny Savita: predict ka hinge.
Sunny Savita: is, sunny, and…
Utkarsh Pagare: Oh, shit.
Sunny Savita: Teruske baatka karingam, I teach AI.
Sunny Savita: Right? Toh essay karke ham is data ako prepared karte hain. At lab, ha previous context, ek window lilete context window. Toh ye hota ha autoregressive learning mein. Abih dahko training time bek ye a hogan, parallel data detenge pura.
Utkarsh Pagare: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: prediction category of prediction, or the COEBG transform-based model. So, SO data banana.
Utkarsh Pagare: Got it. Okay, follow-up question, sani, isi Kuber. Toh, ispe aapke, apne ja se research paper wala jo bataaya, is mein 8 heads thee.
Utkarsh Pagare: So, suppose, ejo GPT wale hain, jisne banaya hai, they… they…
Utkarsh Pagare: They can tweak this transformer architecture, EFA transformer architecture, Hamesha seam ratai se mein.
Utkarsh Pagare: Hello, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Hello, can you hear me now?
Utkarsh Pagare: Yes, I can hear you.
Sunny Savita: what I'm saying, Matlav, we can tweak that. Ap na research paper go through kiay kisi or, like, ki orbi model ka.
Sunny Savita: kabol rahi.
Sunny Savita: Isma kainagi architecture bhi yoga, ki architecture hai.
Sunny Savita: Katie.
Sunny Savita: Architecture toh nahiya, coffee bottle paper, debo, keti sari chija mentioned kayo na?
Sushanta Saha: Sorry.
Sunny Savita: nikkarna.
Utkarsh Pagare: That's charity.
Sunny Savita: Simply aap Ctrl-F, karo, kya push na aapko. Esme aapko pun na head, right?
Utkarsh Pagare: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Had… so, maybe a kahina kahito mentioned ki hongaya kitne had…
Sunny Savita: The co… number of heads, and it's…
Sunny Savita: Toh, Bhattis, Challis, Bhawan, chosat. Matlov, 6.7 billion kaja model linole banaya, parameter kos mu bhatis hairdi.
Utkarsh Pagare: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Abhi, 13 billion kajabana is what Charlie said.
Sunny Savita: 65 billion carbonay is na 64Hz lia.
Sunny Savita: To mention to Kia? No, no, no, yeah.
Utkarsh Pagare: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Foliac or research paper, say.
Sunny Savita: multi-retention.
Utkarsh Pagare: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: I'll be…
Utkarsh Pagare: So, eho, suppose 64 heads there. 64 heads padlock key, that means 64 different type of prediction, follow the same thing.
Sunny Savita: Please understand. 64 admatlap ka, yaha peekuna kayaki hai mein. 64 times, ye set legay avo. QK bika, yaha pe. O banai tohi ki final vector, yaha peh, toh prediction tohiki baroga, 64 times Q mga.
Sunny Savita: final vector banana? Yeah, okay.
Utkarsh Pagare: Okay, okay, got it. So, so, you do 64, usme 64 yafare aapki alih example, 8 johe. This is 8 different type of context, it is trying to,
Utkarsh Pagare: store?
Sunny Savita: It is trying to find out the different type of content perspective from the given sentence, that's it.
Utkarsh Pagare: Okay, and the final worda, toh usme kansa la context heavy rahera… I mean, kuch kud jaise, my name is sunny. I'm sunny,
Sunny Savita: Toh, simple context deiga, my name is Sunny. Toho, head basis per kar de ga, wo matlab agar ushikasa head use ki a hunge, toho acha summary bana kegeha.
Sunny Savita: model. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Awesome.
Utkarsh Pagare: Got it. Toh kisi bhi jo uska to contextual vector, the final contextual vector ayaga, wo, just a pali summary di, toh…
Utkarsh Pagare: art message will give me the final summary. Malap,
Sunny Savita: That's it. Yes, sir. Ache sa revision kiji, okay?
Utkarsh Pagare: Okay, so thank you.
Sunny Savita: God damn.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next doubt is, Sushanta, do you have any doubt? Please go ahead.
Sushanta Saha: Yeah, so, regarding our syllabus, MCT needed projects.
Sunny Savita: Which project, sorry?
Sushanta Saha: MCB.
Sunny Savita: Okay, MCP would be there, yes. In the project, it would be there.
Sushanta Saha: projects, or it could be just inputted,
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we'll integrate it inside the project only, sir. Agentic project, okay?
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next out is, anyone having any doubt, guys? Yeah, hi, Sunny. Go ahead. Yeah, Smith, you can go ahead.
Smit: Yeah. Hi, Sunny. Thanks for the session.
Smit: Sunny, I had a question regarding, tokenization. So, when we do tokenization, do we remove stop words, punctuation, or we just pass the data as is?
Sunny Savita: Oh… we… Yeah, yeah, we do that, actually. If any cleaning is required, we do that.
Smit: So before tokenization, we do cleaning, and then we pass the data, is it?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes, correct. If we have our raw data, if any cleaning and all is required, we do that, actually.
Smit: Okay.
Smit: Good news.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Smit: The other question was regarding the, the value multiplication.
Smit: So…
Smit: First, we do the dot product of query and the key, right, in the first step, and then we get the score, we pass it through softmax.
Smit: After that, do we do matrix multiplication, or we do dot product with a value?
Sunny Savita: That is a scalar value, no? So we simply multiply that, actually.
Smit: That's a multiplication, okay?
Smit: Multiplication, or matrix multiplication, the dot product, right?
Sunny Savita: Multiplication means multiplication with a scalar value, that's it.
Smit: Okay, all right. Thank you, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you. Hello? Yeah, Marina, please go ahead.
Marina Dutta: Actually, last week I spoke, right? So, I was working on a, like, agentic AI process.
Marina Dutta: So, I had a doubt, like, we… like, I had built a 7-way intent classifier, so… and that runs before any tool calls. So, my question is, like, at what scale, this classification can become a bottleneck? Like, we have designed it, like, do we have to design it as a, streaming step, or, like, as the number of tools increase, it will become a bottleneck, or we need a land graph for that?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, number of tool, basically, it's going to be increased, then, if your path is more probabilistic, then, if your route is more probabilistic, then it might, like, give you the wrong tool as well, wrong tool selection.
Marina Dutta: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So that part, you will have to be correct maybe first. Okay. You will have to make it more deterministic in that case, okay?
Marina Dutta: to do… so also, I have chose a custom orchestator of a land graph, so that also becomes a bottleneck, like, or I have to take a land graph.
Marina Dutta: Wow.
Sunny Savita: You can check… you can, design it with the line graph itself. It's very good and flexible, actually.
Marina Dutta: Okay, but it becomes an overhead, right? Because, like, unnecessary,
Sunny Savita: Can you show me your graph once, if you have…
Marina Dutta: I had, posted you an email, actually, I can send you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, I've seen that email, but I couldn't go through that. Actually, last week I was out, so… Okay, I'll check that if you have.
Marina Dutta: I can send a fresh one with the latest what I have done, can you please…
Sunny Savita: Graph, actually, that's rough.
Marina Dutta: I'll… yeah, I'll show you the… I'll send you an email again, then.
Marina Dutta: The stages, right? The routing stages.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes.
Marina Dutta: Okay, and one last question, Sunny, like, I have taken a chunking strategy as 1024 tokens with 120 overlap, so my question is, like, when I… when the number of claws will increase, right, because I'm working with contracts, so will that be a problem, like, taking 1024 token chunks?
Sunny Savita: Just to evaluate that means to check the final accuracy.
Sunny Savita: And take any evaluation framework.
Sunny Savita: check, are you getting the expected answer or not, or just write some ground truth by yourself, okay, man-made ground truth. Just check your final answer with those ground truth, okay? So what you can do, you can take 10 set of value, you can iterate on top of it, you can check the final accuracy with your own ground truth.
Sunny Savita: And, check which, this, tokenization strategy is working fine. Got it? Because, again, it is a hyperparameter only.
Marina Dutta: Okay, okay. So I'll send you one more, like, the latest graph, can you please go through that and let me know next class?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure, man.
Marina Dutta: Okay, I'll say what you need, actually, the design or the graph, like, the stage.
Sunny Savita: For the graph only, you can export it as a mermaid PNG, then you can share, okay?
Marina Dutta: Okay, HTML is also fine, right? Like, the steps and all?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, that would be fine.
Marina Dutta: Okay, sure, I'll send you that one, sure. Thanks, Sonny, thanks a lot.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Next out is Tej, Charles, do you have any doubt, guys? Please go ahead.
Tej: Yeah, yeah, can you, Penny,
Tej: In that, eighth, headed, or the two-headed option that you are showing, right?
Tej: I have a question, if you can share the slide.
Tej: I understood about how… The vector calculations are happening.
Tej: the only… See, the concatenation happened, the 2x6, I understood.
Tej: The weight matrix, can you tell me again how it is? 6x3?
Tej: that green…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, actually, no, actually, at the end, we…
Sunny Savita: We want that original size only. This one.
Sunny Savita: What was the original size of the matrix? This was the original size, no? This one.
Tej: Right, right, too much.
Sunny Savita: We want that original size only. Let's say we concatenated this entire information.
Tej: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Tej: So.
Sunny Savita: Now, this entire concatenated information, we want to be, again, compressed in the original size. How we will do that? So, we took this weight matrix.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if you… if you are aware about the matrix multiplication, here I have.
Tej: Okay. So, so only if you multiply by 6 by 3, it'll come to 2x3.
Sunny Savita: Right, car, right, car, right. Just to compress this information again into the same dimension, that's it.
Tej: Okay. So, see, Sunny, mathematically, Merko, like, right? Like, you know, 8 times, and then, appending goes up. I think conceptually, Meriko.
Tej: I mean, I'm just trying to imagine, right? So, I mean, end of the day, I'm Kyagar Reiki, whatever sentence that we are passing, we are trying to get a better context of that, right? If you're doing it 8 times or 30 times, the idea is, like.
Tej: Abi, if we try to do so many times, and uskajab compress karte, we want to get as close as…
Tej: to the real context possible. That's… that's the goal, right?
Sunny Savita: self attention ka goal. The backstory, actually.
Sunny Savita: abhi ka jo AI hai.
Sunny Savita: abus… AI car, Sapse positive side kaya hai, aapata hai.
Sunny Savita: Job latest reaite dekra hain. O.
Tej: Musk composite.
Sunny Savita: website EA hierarchy, it can…
Tej: able to, like, the humans.
Tej: Right. Yeah, simple human language, we're able to.
Sunny Savita: bat kart.
Sunny Savita: Aap message jaise manlo aap oye, or email mein, hamlo kise communication karang dusarese.
Tej: Normal human language.
Sunny Savita: much drama, right?
Tej: contractors.
Sunny Savita: interactive hai, right? Toh AIB Si baat karpara hai. Toh ye kese karpara ye self-attention ke karini karpara hai, actually.
Sunny Savita: Your self-attention i woki hai, juske karan ni karpa hai.
Sunny Savita: They're cool.
Sunny Savita: Pele ke models mein nahi hota. Pele jab RNN LST model hothe, tom sequentially data ko feed karte thee.
Sunny Savita: Ap sequentially data me kya hotatha, jaise aap med se koi BX sent us bolo, aap bara sa sent us bolo, aap mein aapne jasseh mere seh soul line boli, toh mein nahi kech karpong usko. Maybe pachas karpau, mein chalice karpau, right?
Sunny Savita: Ap koi bohot intellectual persona mat lab koi bhota concentrated persona hai mo sum essay may be nabbeh lain ko karlega kaj.
Sunny Savita: Toh ye model OEM, aur usko self-attention hai tagad di hai human jaise chijogo samajne kiri.
Sunny Savita: Abdu ko, self-attention kaya hai, abi yeh AI JU model, just say GPT hua, lama hua, ilka chota sa blog, just say meny ako di kay transformer.
Sunny Savita: Which, like, showed us a block, self-attention.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, ham na input dia?
Sunny Savita: generate karna, ye text generate tota jar hai hamara. Lekin ush text ko samjhega kon isu input ko, toh wokam karai self-attention.
Sunny Savita: Samjar. So, self, abhi humankar tray karne hai, the ko, agar aap exaig non-coder ho.
Sunny Savita: Ak non-developer ho.
Sunny Savita: Right? Aap surfik general knowledge rakna chatti au chijo ko leki, right? Toh aapho ihichi samajne ki jaruati nahi. Aap to ye samajloke self-attention ko ye mein voicea kam kar rah. Lekan aaph agar AI ko deep mein padraho.
Tej: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Anda, toh aapko samajana padaiki. Just say me aap quick example, just say ki, let's say koi bhjanis manhamm, chota motto business chalataya, right?
Sunny Savita: O, ke ha koi math ka student.
Sunny Savita: Toh, SAI Another poll.
Tej: Possibly.
Sunny Savita: self attention ko hum isle detail mein samajah, eswale part ko, hyuki humai engineer banner chatte hain. Amko pata una chiek ajka latest hai k seam kartay.
Sunny Savita: I'll get off…
Tej: No, but… No, no, no.
Sunny Savita: Somewhere there, right?
Tej: Go home.
Sunny Savita: output generated karne. Lekan je input ko samajk con rah ho self-attention i samaj rah woh, actually.
Tej: Exactly. The main difference between Abi Evolve AI versus previous models key, it is interactive, and the secret behind that is self-attention.
Sunny Savita: Alright.
Tej: So, self-protection may as a cat cheese hai, that is making it interactive, right?
Sunny Savita: yah peula, ki.
Tej: Because of its capability to do that, multiple contexts.
Sunny Savita: Jasmine Abbullah, Sunny, is a person beach.
Sunny Savita: AI.
Sunny Savita: He is also… gold.
Sunny Savita: in coding.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, right?
Sunny Savita: A B, aap mirko bhata, aap pale ke sentence samjai.
Sunny Savita: Ap sumje, right? Me aapseones mein.
Sunny Savita: Apka bologna merku.
Tej: That's only because Margo can't explain.
Sunny Savita: longer sentences peh.
Sunny Savita: Like in self-attention ye kaam karate taye, actually.
Tej: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: self-attention ye cheech ka kya karta hai, contextual embedding banana tay. Har verdike Saad, meaning nikal kioska.
Sunny Savita: Or ya batadiga kija hi, sunny hi, ya,
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, Paula?
Tej: submissions.
Sunny Savita: their potential.
Tej: Someone Bayer?
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Tej: Either sahaj meinage, as example.
Sunny Savita: process hoga, ek mathematical calculation kise hooray, but actual mein concept AESL potential ka, jo mein aapko bataaya.
Tej: concept by itself?
Sunny Savita: To aap esa kam karo ek sentence aap apnit tariff se low, jetaine tokens kalinay, pause das pandra ka, aur usko is architecture keisa drive karke deko, ya wali architecture keysa.
Sunny Savita: Huh. Okay.
Tej: Lincoln…
Sunny Savita: So, mathematically, value of nikal loghe, no aapkia bull, right? Wo chijek black box se ha.
Tej: help kar rah, right? To give the better context.
Sunny Savita: calculate curve hain, right?
Tej: So that is what is helping Kyo. He is Sunny, Obu, to determine that at the high level. That is done by all these QKB calculations, hours ke baadie, horizontally, karna, right?
Sunny Savita: ye mathematical process a uska, uske basis upon hai, kise wo… is mathematical ke process pai wuchi wo relate kar pahi, actually.
Tej: So, Abhi, last question. 20 billion parameter k model hai, right?
Tej: parameter kyahay oih darapi aki jo screen mein digare aaph.
Sunny Savita: Parameter matlah utah hai, jo value learn whole training ke time peh. Toh ye values adjust houti and learn hot ya. Trading ke time peh.
Tej: training it time by weight value hot hai, right? So we…
Sunny Savita: well, you were.
Tej: uska number 8 times ojata, right?
Sunny Savita: ka, right?
Tej: So that's the count. So, basically, research paper, usmeh, 50 models there, right? N times, head 50 times kushta, I say, right?
Tej: to use a… That's what increases the count of the parameters, right? The weight.
Sunny Savita: Got it, got it.
Tej: and we… we can train these parameters, right? So, to bring it close to the expected value.
Sunny Savita: Deep learning mein parameter ito train auth, neural network samaj liaaph jag hai concept samaj ba hai.
Tej: Tiger. Tigers.
Sunny Savita: Give me a concept I will be, actually.
Tej: Neural networks, actually.
Tej: Thank you, Sunny. That was good. That's all from my side, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I'm going to conclude the session. I'll see you in the next class. Thank you.